strange-tension"I ask for your trust, for demand it I cannot. As a royal, I know not whether you can understand the pain of being a pawn in your own life, though forgive my presumptuousness. My past, as my future, continue to reveal themselves to me in tandem...a dual helix of timelines traveling in reverse. The great circle traversed in both directions."
"I seek above all to serve the causes of life."
He draws a sigil of Bahamut in the air, his triple-triumvirate now spinning around the platinum-blue ice trails hovering within.
"I am called The Dragon Mage, though perhaps I do not know why. My kinship with the Lord of Dragons was at first a bit of fancy, a delusion of grandeur perhaps. Yet, he opened himself willingly to me and has been my guide ever since. 

I pretend not to know of the depths of your ancient rifts and strife. I only know that my cause is just and I seek not to usurp, but to unify! Let no soul who would aid the causes of righteousness be turned away for ancient prejudice! Let us rally as one nation united across the realms to beat back the forces of Death and Darkness! Let the full spectrum of light, the infinite chroma, shine throughout all lands!"
She stands up slowly, looking down on the mage.  Not in anger now, but fear.  "Answer me this last question.  What is your surname?"
"I..."
"I know not."

Saying these words out loud trigger a desperate search in Maouelue's....Lumao's mind. His amnesia coming in fits and spurts...lost words...lost memories...he clings on to his old name in his mind, trying to piece it together....

...for naught.

The answer is not forthcoming....
He now rises up, turns around and begins rummaging through his things, digging relentlessly for something.
Tucked deep within the pages of his torn diary, he finds what he is looking for. An old note. An undelivered message. Unread out of honor and duty, but now...
It would seem the truth would finally have to be out, though he is reluctant to reveal these personal tidings to all, there really is nothing left for it.
He proffers Shi'Vandos' mesage for Shi'Veilan to the Queen.

"These are the words of my Father, intended for his...other son. *Brightshine*... Of mine own name, I remain yet ignorant....uninformed...."
"It begins with Lumao...or at least that's what I can remember. Perhaps, Majesty, you might do me the honor of filling in the rest...."
He genuflects again.
The soldier comes in with a book, and the Queen takes it from him, sets it on the table.  She puts a hand out in front of the kneeling man, says elven works.  A warmth spreads over the mage, quite the opposite feeling of her previous magics.  After a few moments, she lifts the mage up to standing.
To the room at large, she says, "Continue to prepare.  I will be back shortly." 
Then she says to Maouelue, "Follow me.  There is something you need to know, friend of elves and dragons."  She is smiling now, quietly, softly.  She walks to a side room where a table and several bookshelves line the wall.  She's brought the book the soldier gave her, and she sits at the table, offering Maouelue the other lone chair.
Queen Titania opens the book, flipping through until she stops at a page.  She turns the book to face the wizard.  "Do you recognize this symbol?"


"Your surname is Albrek.  Shi'Vandos was a high mage that came to the Feywild well after his family was banished, one of the high hopes of Oberon."
"These dragonmarks...  they are aberrations in the fabric of reality, Maouelue.  Some say they are a birthright, given at specific times after specific deeds are done.  Other say they spontaneously occur, being as brands on the skin.  I will ask you, although you can decline showing me...  Is this mark anywhere on your body currently?"
Astonishingly, the mage realizes he cannot answer this question in full knowledge of the truth. Something about her way and line of questioning seems to drive right at the heart of his uncertainties, almost in a knowing, motherly sort of way.
"If it would not offend the Queen..."
He makes to disrobe.
"Let us find out together."
She nods.
He begins to doff his armor, laying the pieces out ritually as he does, akin to back in Oakhurst. As the metal peels away, he feels the warm sweaty undergarments articulated by the open air, chilling slightly. Piece after piece he bares himself fully to Titania.

As he is taking his clothing off, just before he gets to the...  erm...  personal bits, he remembers something in speaking with his father.  Something of the trials.  Something about a birthright...
“...*the circled key*...”

The words leave his mouth as if spoken by another, his form entranced in this astounding, yet serene, scene.
The Queen pulls back a bit, visibly.  "So, you're aware of this?  It does not look like it's on you at this moment..."  She leaves the silence to speak the rest.
“...the ice in the mountain...”
“...the Frozen Tears...”
“...the Prince...”
“...”
Lumao Albrek rises and turns now to face his Queen, the last remnants of his coverings both outer and now inner have been removed. 

“I stand before you in the naked truth of the ancient starlight. I have nothing left to hide, and though there is much to be feared, I put my faith in that light.”
