strange-tensionEmerald green fills the mages eyes as he peers into a modest sized room that is completely engulfed by an enormous, leafy tree.  Leaves spill over an impossibly large trunk whose roots are digging into the ice and stone of the castle.  From the base of the tree to about halfway up it's trunk is a rime of ice, threatening the life blood of the massive structure.  As the wizard looks closer, there are a few leaves, scattered here and there, that look to be frosting over as well.  Glinting near the center of the large bough system is a golden apple, a single fruit, hanging down within arms reach of the mage.

"Impressive, isn't it.  You see, I stole this tree from another world, and brought it here...  just to watch it die," the feathery voice says in Maouelue's ear.  "That golden apple is the heart of a new world, or could be.  The wood from that tree can create magical items that can transport people anywhere their heart's desire.  To any plane, any space...  any life, perhaps.  One would say it's a travesty that I have imprisoned this wonderful thing in a place such as this, just to kill it.  I would prefer it did not have to happen.  But I cannot allow what it stands for.  I cannot allow it's hope to infect anyone else."
"Would you like to see the last test?  Or, at least, the last test originally planned for the heir to the dragon mark?"
The Mage stoically nods his silent consent.
Maouelue could swear he hears a heavy sigh as a blue-white portal appears on the edge of the S wall.  Within, the mage can see a simple, yet unoccupied, tavern room.  A plain wooden table has a white cloth on it.  Maouelue can see something is underneath the cloth.
The Dragon Mage walks into the room, and as he does so, the cover dissolves away, showing the mage a series of wizard's wands.
The one at the farthest left looks to be made of solid gold, set with rubies.  Next is a polished wand of a black substance, somewhere between wood and stone.   The third is an intricately carved white-wood wand, extremely ornate and delicate.  The fourth is a thick wand, made of a tough wood, and is set with small crystals and gems that twinkle. 
 It also has runes etched all along it.  Last is what looks to be a stick, twisted at odd angles, scarred along an edge as if from a lightning strike.
A voice comes to Maouelue - *"Choose."*
(They're in Sylvan, so he sees...)
*No act of kindness, no matter how small, is ever wasted.*
He reaches out and lifts the fifth wand, testing its balance.
It's a heavy wood, weighing down his hand as he picks it up.  It surprises him, the heft of it.
He closes his eyes to the material world around him and tries to connect with the source within the wand, if there indeed is any.

A deep sense of calm comes over the wizard.  The small room fades away, Maouelue soars through clouds.  Tufts of white flow by, then part to reveal an immense forest below him.  The wizard flows down further, below the clouds altogether, and close to the tops of the tallest trees.  Interspersed between the trees, at the base of seemingly *every* tree, is a pool of water...  no...  not water.  Liquid, but not...  water.   As far as Maouelue can see, the forest continues in every direction, endlessly.  

Dipping further below the boughs, Maouelue sees sparse foliage, neat grasslands, and, again, thick tree cover rolling across the entire landscape.  The pools are colored in a rainbow of hues.  The vision stops at a massive tree with a golden liquid pool beneath it.  As he looks up, Maouelue notices a golden apple on one of the highest boughs.  The vision fades back to the heavy wand in Maouelue's hand.
“
Each branch a tree, each tree a branch. 
Ever on the perfect pattern propagates. 
Growth, mirrored across dimensions. 
Each seed, a blueprint.
“
(Oh, by the way, this is pretty overdue...)
[3000 xp]

Maouelue lifts his gaze expectantly.
"Is this your choice?" says the voice.
“It is.”
The room, table, wands dissolve around Maouelue, with the wizard still holding tight to the heavy wooden wand.  He reappears in the frozen room, but this time there are noticeably less leaves on the tree.  It's nearly barren, the ice now covering the majority of the trunk and even moving onto some branches.

"It's an interesting choice, wizard.  Have you always wanted to play the martyr?"
“Hard work and a keen intellect were the values Shi’Vandos instilled in me. Sartorial considerations and ostentation often mask a lack within. One who lives pure and true has no need to proclaim.”
"Strong words.  We'll see if they're still strong after we meet.  We're waiting..."  Another leaf falls from the tree.
The Dragon Mage lifts the wand up to the golden apple and ever-so-gently touches it with the tip.

The apple falls from the tree, Maouelue reaches to grab at it as it falls, but it slips through his fingers.  As it heads for the floor, just before it hits, it disappears.
“No!”
He looks searchingly back up to its original position, hoping...
A few more leaves fall from the tree.  The apple doesn't reappear.
Steeling his breath and strapping his wintery boots on tight, Maouelue tries to ascend the tree.

Although the armor is heavy, like his spirits, the mage pulls himself up through the boughs.
He climbs and climbs, looking for a central crook that is uncovered as yet by the metastasizing ice.

Maouelue finds what he's looking for fairly quick.
“Let’s hope this works...” he half prays to himself as he pulls out the small bottle he had refilled with magical sap what feels like an age ago. Once again, he dips his knife into the sap , this time coating the blade fully in the viscous liquid.

“Grow. Fight. Live.”, he implores the tree as he holds the blade point down over the exposed bark. He watches, breathless on the edge of hope, as the drops begin to fall.


The sap does seem to bolster the tree, but the ice is moving too rapidly to stem the overall tide of the Prince's machinations.
“Enough of this charade, *Brother.* Come out and face me.”
