strange-tensionShe peers at you and squints. "You've recently found a new deity.   But that deity has some connection to the horrors you've faced.  Even with the heightened piety, or maybe because of it, you are more of a target than ever before.  Not just by the forces you seek out.  Things move in the shadows, to compel you off of your path.  Or maybe onto the correct one?  Maouelue, be wary of going farther away or closer to your patron.  You are on a shield balanced atop a sword.  One slight move any way might plunge you into chaos."
Maouelue listens to the words and stares at the symbol as if in a trance. He moves his right hand over the top of the rune and pulls his water skin out with his left. He pours a few drops into the weave his other hand is making above the rune and thin, beaded arcs of water begin to form. The arcs spiral and conform into a column of circles, spinning about a vertical axis. The wizard’s left hand stows the skin and comes over top of the cylinder, pressing downward and spinning counterclockwise. Six beaded rings of water spread out around a central one, mimicking the pattern of the rune below. This form hovers for a few moments and Maouelue’s hands come to a rest. He speaks an elven word and a spire begins to coalesce out of the vapors surrounding the sigil. At first it appears to run across the depth of the pattern, but then turns and reveals the three spread legs from below, now making a facsimile of the rune. Hovering there for a moment, another word is uttered and the spindle-legged stalk begins to tilt vertically making a three dimensional spire held by a tripod of feet. The feet connect at the alternating intersections of the inner circle with the outer.  

Maouelue’s eyes shine bright blue. It almost seems as if the Light comes from behind him and through him into the watery symbol as a cold radiance comes and freezes the re-balanced rune in place. He raises his gaze toward Bellatrix and sets the structure atop her heirloom rune.

“We must approach the old conflict with new dimensions, if we are to find balance.”
Belltrix's smile returns as Maouelue reinterprets her reading.  "Wisdom is often found throughout dimensions.  If one can only see what needs to be seen when they need to see it."

“Let us hope both our sight and our hearts find the right path through the miasma that awaits. I’ll be glad to have you by my side dear lady.”
Deleted counter Inspiration12.

Maouelue holds Trix’s gaze awhile then nods and gestures onward. “If we are to regain our balance, we must indeed establish our pillars in the area. Let us find Vam and Heston and discuss our strategy.”
She nods, gets up from the fireplace to watch out the window.  The rain has stopped, an eerie fog has set upon the town.
Maouelue stays his advance and turns to regard the scene with Trix. “A dire scape to be certain... but come now, we will make our own omens on the road.”
Her lips purse.  She waits for Maouelue to lead the way.
He leads out through the moist land to the edge of the paddock to meet with the rest.
The mist slowly rises all around like steam from a lake.  It gives the world an ominous feel.  Dark clouds above, still threatening a downpour, mixed with the haze sets a macabre scene.  A howl can be heard in the distant forest.  Vam and Heston are in the barn, saddling and settling the horses.  Vam waves to the two of you as you enter.  Daran is walking around, inspecting the horses, whispering to them.
“Ho there. Many thanks for the horses and bridling. My friends, we must make haste to our next destination, yet we must be firm in our conviction. The forces that move, as Vam said, are vile, powerful, and far reaching. We would do well to set up a network around the Neverwinter. I have seen a spire of three converging and ascending upwards, an omen that I take at this moment as a guide to our cause. Let us create a network across Neverwinter, Longsaddle, and Luskan. We will seek information in subtle ways throughout these towns. Lie low and strengthen our position. There is no telling where Dieter may be at this moment. I know this in my heart now. I must not let zeal overtake clarity of mind. Pray, what would each of you say to this?”
The four look between themselves.  They seem to be testing the waters, see who is going to take over the second-in-command role, all seemingly deferring to each other.  Vam nods, looks at Heston.  Heston nods, looks between Vam and the others.  Daran looks pensive.  Bellatrix turns her keen eye to Maouelue.
"What you say is very wise.  The two towns of Longsaddle and Neverwinter will have sympathetic ears.  Luskan, I fear...  That might be war on a second front we do not have the ability for.  It all depends on our quarry.  If it be Dieter, then I offer to scry to locate him.  If our goal is to garner troops and wage battle on the Runemark's men, then cavalry is needed.  We can do both, but then delegation is the key."
"What contacts have you men in any of the nearby towns? Do we have any friends or advantages in Longsaddle? If what you say about Luskan is true, then it's either East and South, or make our way through the North Neverwinter Wood and head for the coast."
When you mention Neverwinter Woods, you see Daran get very uncomfortable.

Daran looks uncomfortable when the Wood is mentioned.   He involuntarily clutches at a chain around his chest and takes a step backwards.
