strange-tensionBellatrix surveys the scene, it’s a fearsome sight, the four hulking giants leering and approaching, the fallen Eldarin...she doesn’t like to show this side of herself, but there is nothing else for it now. She steps up and begins to speak in a low guttural tongue. The words echo strangely off the fae woods as if they don’t belong here...
A dark circle forms just behind the the group of giants, a crimson marks scattered across the center. Black beams erupt up out of the runic circle as the shapes appear.

The blood witch returns none of the presumably gawking stares.
The eladrin turn their heads to the group, trying to see just who these people are!
She leads the group back about 30 feet from the giants, tugging at the awestruck Maouleue who seems to have forgotten his feet.
Daran makes a move to follow, then looks back at the struggling eladrin...
As Bellatrix shuffles the group westward, she pulls out a decrepit looking eyeball. The same dark language leaves her lips in a trail of red mist. An inverted star wraps itself around the newt’s sphere and shoots out toward the eyes of the last giant in line.

It is not your turn.


Daran runs over to the passed out eladrin, fires at the closest giant, and asks the eladrin leader, "How can I help?"

The leader shouts, "Cierean, take him away!  You, half elf.  Help us fight!!"
An eladrin grabs the prone elf and disappears.
All effects removed from WI3.
WI3 removed from combat.
Target f02 not found.

The others grab Daran by the shirt and drag him along with them.
Maouleue looks up at the unfolding scene, desperation seems to mount with each passing second, yet a stout defense they would make. For a moment the sight of the giants, drenched in snow, reminds him of the vault back in Muhlen Manor. The first revelation of the frosty avatar of giant magic, the icy ambitions of the Lord himself. Here he stands clad in these garments. He dons the helmet that he laid out at the manor, draws out his frozen sword and sends out any icy beam from the tip of the sword, straight at the hexed giant!

A light blue and white shimmer sizzles around the Dragon Mage as his holy bolt goes out.

Effect Shield removed from Maouelue.


The platinum elf fleets off in pursuit of his group, ever West.




shit those were supposed to be fo4
Bellatrix and Maouelue walk on down the hall, ever West.
It is not your turn.


Growls come from the giants as they near their quarry.










One of Maouelue's balls go blue, then he darts back east toward the main giant pack.
The blood witch focuses in on her prey.



Her first beam hits expertly, but then her dark powers begin to tilt and she send her fel beams wide.
Nevertheless, she regains her feet with a Blood Witch Dance and sends the hexed creature walking away from Daran, West into the third Giant.
The blood witch's voice gets inside the disgusting giant's mind.  Not only does he move toward his compatriot, he attacks him!

As Bellatrix’s dance comes to an end, she seems to come back to her more reclusive self for a moment, overwhelmed by her own display of power.

Daran screams as he unleashes against the giant!



The third giant strikes down with it's greatclub, making a dent in it's cohort.  As it fells it's friend, it blinks, not quite knowing what has happened.



Maouelue channels another blue-white bolt from his sword, sending it at the giant engaged with Bellatrix.


Maouleue dashes a bit further back into the woods to the North.



Bella hears the weeping heartstrings coming from her Northeast but does not look to see the source. Instead she rounds on her new prey.
The dark dance begins again, the sight of the descending giant bringing Bella's blood back to a boil.
She twists its feeble mind, whispering its will away after a willo-the-wisp in the wavering woods.
As the fetid creature lurches away, she strikes out hard with her blade in hand.

She draws in her breath, feeding on the rush of necrotic blood searing out of the staggered mass. Blast after blast sears in a sickly red-black-green beam toward the failing giant's back.



As her last beam gets away from her, she spits black liquid into the fey soil, sneering canines now poking out of her furious face.
She dashes off to the Northeast, tucking behind a tall tree.
It is not your turn.

Daran makes a couple quick slashes at the giant, then, in a strange move, jumps quickly...

In an amazingly deft move, the half-elf hops on the creatures arm, moves to it's head, and steadiest himself atop the fiend!



Daran gets knocked around a bit, but stays clinging to the beast!


Target f03 not found.

Maoulue begins to make a series of movements in a flash as the giant slams his club into the tree behind which Bellatrix is hiding. He taps his amulet against his shield, a faint glimmer transferring to it in the process. Maouelue seems to swell with vigor as this happens, then he dashes forward at the lumbering giant. He stows his frosty blue sword and pulls out a deadly mace, bringing it down hard at the creature.

The off-weighted mage misses spectacularly, his delusions of parchment grandeur apparently getting the better of him in the Feywild.
He rubs another frosty ball in self-pity.

"There there Mao, we'll warm those up soon enough," the witch smirks as she watches the "tel'varen" squirm.
