strange-tensionBenna will comfort her as well, rubbing her back.  
"There's no body.  That could actually be a good thing."
“We may yet see Daran again...someday.”
Maouelue harries the group south down the corridor.


“Oh blast it all to hells!”
The handle turns but the door doesn't open.

Maouelue appears to take out his frustration at the disappearance of Daran on the door.
The door cracks down the middle.  One more good knock'll do it all in. Maouelue sees something shiny through the crack.


The mace hits in the same place, showering the group in splinters.
“I’m....tired...”

The wood withers away under Benna's fingers, showing the group the inside of the room...

The stone walls sap the brilliance of the treasure trove on the floor.  A chest or two are in the room, as well.
“Good lord...”
One chest is overloaded with gems, smaller stones but worth about 10 gp each.  This chest is small, but contains 40 gems all told.  There are coins scattered throughout the room as well, totaling 800 gp.  (Another d100, please!)
On a solid golden table are two potions.  Inside one is what looks like smoke, writhing and twisting around.  The other hold an effervescent liquid, the bubbles rising to the top continually.  (Arcana check for these.  If you'd like to try a drop of the potion, you have advantage.)
A solid gold disc is affixed to the far wall, catching everyone's eye.  It looks like a coin, with the profile of a humanoid on it.  (History check, please!)


*The panther raises his right paw in respect.*
The first is a potion of gaseous form, enough for two people.  The other is a superior potion of healing.
The 'coin' on the wall depicts a fire giant, head wreathed in flames like Roman laurels.  The trio knows very well that giants are world renown for their rune mastery, some of which can be seen on the rim of the golden circle.  (Anyone speak Giant?)

*The panther is now standing on hindquarters, raising both fists in tacet approval.*
The mage looks closer at the runes, and there seems to be another, thinner line of script written around a symbol of two dragons chasing one-another's tail.  The dragon symbol is in red against the gold background, and the ring around the symbol states, *Those with the dragon mark, a red dragon lineage, or fire giant heritage, place your hand upon the seal and open the gate.*
Uncertain, Maouelue hesitantly extends his hand, palm outward to the seal.
Nothing happens.
"Hmph, worth a shot." He casts a glance around. "Any of you?"
(Assuming there are empty gazes,) Maouelue takes a moment to do another rubbing taking the contours this seal down into his book. He looks one more time around the device for any other signs of concealment before leading the group down to the doorway at the end of the hall.
The women shake their heads as they gather up some of the treasures.
Upon exiting, the three notice a rotten stench coming from the end of the hallway, not altogether different than the flumph gave off.  A sickly yellow-green mist comes up from the bottom of the door., which stands a bit ajar already.
Maouelue sends a blast of hot fire searing toward the doorway, standing at the edge of range.

As the fire from his hands reach the methane gas, sparks ignite the smoke... and the room!
(Dex saving throws for everyone, please!)

Maouelue and Bellatrix take 9 points of damage, Benna takes the full 19 as the flames incinerate the simple door and back-drafts straight to them.  As soon as the rush of fire passes, they hear a low laughter coming from inside the now very smokey room.
"Agh Benna! I suppose....I should have asked you all to stand back. Something about the deep places brings out my quixotic impetuousness."
"You in there!," Maouelue's voice cracks a bit as he attempts a challenging tone, "Show yourself!"
There is shuffling from the room, as smoke continues to billow out.  The laughing turns to gruff growling and a metallic scraping can be heard just under the growling.
A big booming rumble of a voice breaks the eerie silence, saying, "WHO'S THERE?"
Maouelue sets his metallicomets spinning around him, like a fiercely charged atom, hoping stir the air and clarify the fog a bit.
"It is I, Lumao Albrek. I come solely in the pursuit of justice and peace."
Bellatrix whispers, "Mao... are you *sure* about this?"
"DON'T KNOW NO...  MAYO.  GO AWAY."  The voice, although booming, sounds a bit forlorn.
Maouelue steps forward into the smoke, comets a-swirling. "Though it may not seem it, we do not come to threaten. Tell us, who are you? What is your station here?"
"I AM SNARR THE ONE-HANDED.  I HAVE BEEN IMPRISONED HERE FOR MANY YEARS.  THE WIZARD, HE TOOK MY HAND SO HE COULD TRAVEL, THEN LOCKED ME AWAY HERE FOR ETERNITY... JUST IN CASE HE NEEDED ANOTHER HAND."  (All of this has been in Giant, by the way.  The women would have no clue what or who you're talking to!)
"Tell me, O mighty SNARR, just who was this *wizard* of whom you speak. Tell me, and mayhaps we can be of service to *each other*."
