strange-tension“*Fill in the gaps...?*”
*Ouelue gestures coyly...*
*...then ribs the flustered Daran.*
“IIIII’m just fuckin with ya....”
*Winks*
“What can you tell me of this foul lot?”
He now looks *very* flustered.  He's not used to other people travelling with him, let alone a female half-elf.  Even though he knows it's not.  But does he, really?  As I said, he's very flustered!
"Well...  *Ahem*, well now, let's see...  They came around pretty quickly only a few days ago.  They stopped by Oakhurst then set up camp at the mansion same day.  Their numbers have been growing every day.  Seems like something new comes into the camp at an hourly pace, I don't know where they're getting their supply of followers from.   Wherever it is, the well is deep, apparently.  Plus, I hear tell of some extremely strange... misfits in the camp.  Were-folk, mages, some even suggest arch-mages, if you can believe that.  Could have sworn I saw a Red Wizard of Thay go into the main box they have up on the hill.  Use that as the inner sanctum, I s'pose.  It's been covered over by now with tents and canopies and the like.  It's either a small festival, or a large traders outpost, depending on what you're more familiar with.  My fear is that they'll start to overrun Oakhurst, but they seem to be leaving it alone for the time being.  You say you think that's where they took your friend?"
“Honestly, who knows... The golem took him North. Could probably follow his tracks come to think of it. I’ve got this here net that might come in mighty handy. Might have to slip into this fine bit o’ splint first though if I’m going to covert route...”
*(S)he considers this a moment, then begins to disrobe and slowly don the splint.*
"Oh, oh dear.  Let me...   I'll just be down by the stream, there..."  He rushes down to the stream.
Ouelue is getting a real kick out of this for some reason. Perhaps just the absurdity of it all has made him lax around the edges, or perhaps the fatigue, or perhaps...something about Daran...Now there's a thought...

...

"*Snap out of it Maouelue, you gotta keep your head in the game!*", *they say to themselves.

Dieter...Dieter is your guy. Get to Dieter. 

Oh how he worried about the Deleter. Perhaps that's really what this was all about. Some subliminal shock response to the sheer carnage and loss that he had just witnessed.

The glow leaves her-their-his eyes for a moment, completely swallowed by darkness, then he retches, keeling over slightly.*

"What is this feeling? We... "

*The light comes back full green and the androgynous pupils flare open from the center in beacons of white in the center of the receding black.

Then...

Water. Any icy floe somewhere deep within was melting, something Lumao had kept inside for a long time.*

    S'V   S'V
 ..LLOIVFEE..
   DiELEiTER
      BAHA
       MUT
           V

*The Ray of Frost is now a river of loss.
The Frostbite is now a lost light.
The armor is now a charmer
is now alarmed or
slightly charmed or
the disguise is now 
to symbolize 
the broken ties
and spoken lies
through life
and love
and theft
and wove
these thoughts
of costs
embossed
in dreams
we've tossed.*

...

...


*The magelfienne is now fully leaning on Daran, fully taken by the sudden melting of his frozen tidal wave of inner turmoil.*

"Daran...I..."
"I'm sorry. It's–"
"It's just all too much. I was...we were, just passing through. We were seeking...we were each seeking something, but...not – not this."
"No, no.  You're fine lad.  The get-up.  Just...  reminded me of someone, was taken aback.  Way back, actually.  You're fine, son.  Let's continue on.  Be on the lookout for more brigands as we get farther north, aye?"
*Ouelue raises a watery eye.*

“Thank you. Yes, let’s be going. Eyes on the prize.”
*The two tread lightly as they go, making as few tracks as they can, heading off along the river.*
"I didn't mean to make you feel bad, son.  My apologies."
“No no! I...lost my composure. It won’t happen again.”
"I'd be more worried if it *didn't* happen again.  Tough times we're living in.  And you're not the only one with a target on your back.  There will be time for revelry, just as there will be time to mourn.  Might not happen all at once, either.  Might have to take those emotions when you can get them.  Gods know I understand."
*Lumao fixes him with a piercing stare. Then a quick nod. And onward.*

“Tell me Daran, about this one...this one that I reminded you of. If...”
A ways down following the stream, you come to a path that leads due W.  Although it's away from Oakhurst, Daran says, "Let's take this route.  It's round about, but we should be out of the sights of the brigands."  He's quiet for a bit more, then starts walking.  "Her name was Lura.  She was my wife.  She was...  taken too soon.  It's a long story.  And one that hasn't been told before.  Not yet, at least.  Tell you what," he says, looking back at you, "We break your friend out, it'll be our next campfire story.  That's a promise."
