strange-tensionFlayco's tentacles creep over the water, and the baby *sloughs* over to it to drink.  While drinking, an errant tentacle searches out for the rations.  It wraps around the food, and immediately, passes it over in search of other nibbles.  It finishes with the water, opens its eyes, and blinks; first one eye, then the other, then both together.
Then it sees the unconscious Jaecob on the floor.  It cocks its head...  and moves toward the prone man.
Dieter rushes over and gets in between Flayco and Jaecob. “No!” He sternly gestures with a raised finger. “We’ll find you summat else to eat Flayco.”
Shelli, trembling, moves into her Shell Defense.
Remembering the black dragon whelp and the pantry, Dieter begins thinking about next steps while he awaits Flayco’s response.
The baby dragon cocks its head at Dieter, not quite understanding.  Shelli is so large, the illithi-dragon doesn't understand it to be a being.  However, it turns back to it's quarry in Jaecob and tries to move around Dieter.

It holds off as Dieter goes to block it's path, however.  It looks up, curiously.  Small tentacles reach out towards the druid.  A small, circular mouth rimmed with tiny teeth is at the center where the tentacles connect with the baby dragon's face.  It coos, eerily.
Dieter thinks hard. He beckons the fledgling to follow him toward the door. As he approaches he glances at one of the gems and gets an idea. He picks one up, bracing for the pain, and holds it up at arms length to Flayco. "Do you know what this is baby?"
The baby cocks its head to the side again, staring at the pretty pink-purple gem.  It's beating too, although soundlessly.  It flashes slightly, catching the baby's beady eyes.  The dragon lets out a coo that turns into a shrill shriek that turns into a hyena-type click/laughing.  It turns its head to look back and Jaecob, then turns back to the crystal.

The thoughts intrude again, but not as intensely as before.  A small breeze comes from the other room, catching Dieter's clothes and rustling them innocently.
Dieter tosses the crystal through the crack in the door trying to lure Flayco out and away from Jaecob.
The crystal *plinks* through the crack and into the other room, landing lightly on the floor.  Flayco meanders over to the door, taking another look back at Jaecob, longingly.  As the dragon peeks into the room, it rears, then starts backing away.
“What is it Flayco?”, Dieter sidles over and fingers his ring going invisible and peeking through the crack.
Dieter peeks into the room.  It is pitch black everywhere but a little patch of pink-purple glow.
Dieter tries to slooooooowly close the stone doors.
He takes a peek back to make sure his new...whatever it is...is not eating Jaecob.
The door doesn't move at all.  The dragon baby is still shaking it's head, but when it stops, it's searching for food.  Jaecob.
The Druid’s mind is doing circles. He comes back over to Jaecob and shakes him a bit. “Jaecob! Jaecob! Wake up! It’s Dieter! Your mind is here in this world!........I’ve got ale!”

There needs to be a magical cure to take him out of this state.  The baby dragon's tentacles starts meandering over Jaecob's feet.
“Here! Eat this!”, Dieter exasperatedly throws one last chunk of snake meat that he had somehow missed earlier when feeding Shelli. “Just stay clear of this man!”

The meat hits the animal straight in the face.  It backs away, frightened...   (Animal handling check, please!)

It backs away, frightened, it's feelings hurt.  It comes over to Dieter after a few moments, trying to make amends.  The tentacles strain to find Dieter's hand for comfort.  An errant one stretches for Jaecob.
“Now now Flayco, I’m sorry I hit you with that. My hand was a bit shaky and...Don’t Eat Jaecob! He’s a friend. Friiiieeeeennnndd. F. R. I. E. N. D. Friend. Got it?” He gives a reassuring rub on the top of the whelp’s head.
It gives the high pitched squeal that settles to a purr.  (Gotta start calling Dieter Flacco from now on...)
There is a clanking that comes from the chest, the clicking has taken a strange cast.  Probably because it's been going crazy for so long.
“We’ll go find some tasty thief for you pup, there’s plenty to go around. No Jaecob though y’hear?”
He looks worriedly at the chest. “I’m gonna go see what this is all about.”
It cocks it's head at Dieter again.
He gives a stern two-eyed stare back at the beast and points two fingers at his own eyes, the rotates them back and forth between he and it. He then proceeds over to the chest and gives it an inspection.

Dieter looks into the chest to find a human heart.  Which is still beating, thanks to the workings of a small object.  Dieter blinks.  Blinks again.  He could swear it looks just like a goldfish.  In a small sphere.  On closer inspection, it is just that.  A clockwork fish swimming and floating, helping the heart continue it's macabre beating.
“Bloody waters!” The distressed druid decrees.
A vision of the clean, refreshing wate of the Sword Coast flashes through his mind. Calling him home. He can’t go on like this much longer, without light, without air, without green and blue.
He reaches out to pick up the wretched object, his furry hands quivering as he does so. “Formulated Flippers! This is some piece of work...”
The thing is still wet to the touch, it still looks healthy enough.
