strange-tensionThe two enter in a roughly 30x30ft room, cluttered with desks and parchment.  A table is pushed into a corner, where four chairs surround it, a card game interrupted lay on it's top.  No one is in the room, but you both can hear sounds of talking coming from down a hallway to the ~~N~~  South.  You both come up into what is essentially the center of the room.  (I don't really have this up in Roll20, did you want a board or is theatre of the mind okay?)
The room also has a hallway going off to the W.   There are no sounds coming from that direction.

They seem pretty garbled.  Unlike the underground rooms, these up here are all made of fitted stone, and poorly kept, so the echoes are furious.

"I think one of 'em is saying something about a lost prisoner...  Shite.  I think we make a run for it, but we need to be stealthy."  He looks around the room.  "Where in the bloody blazes did they put that trunk?"
Dieter examines the parchment and takes the playing cards for himself.
Dieter is looking for names, places, plans.
They're a deck of Three Dragon Ante, a very popular game in Faerun.  The parchment are various edicts and dictates about the law and how the questioning of prisoners should go.   Several are signed, they all look relatively official.  They've been strewn about the room, though, as if they're been gone over for information.  (Investigation if you want more info.)

Dieter tries to perceive who is signing off on these papers and who might be the authorities involved, as well as whether the Runemark are for or against whomever has signed these.
The papers look old, and it's almost as if they've been magically protected against age, too.  The dates on some of them are outrageous, nowhere near where Dieter knows the date to be.  (Dieter sees the year 3129 on them, with a strange month tag that he doesn't recognize.)
There is nothing within the papers that he recognizes as belonging to the Runemark.


Dieter takes 3 of the more interesting looking ones and begins to usher Frume out of the room quickly.
They move West out of the room.
As the duo heads out of the room, moving down the westward corridor, the sounds of talking start getting louder from the northern passage.  The two exit just as a pair of voices enter the room behind them.  (Stealth checks, with advantage, please!)


"Oughta get hazard pay for this shit, can't believe they're having us mount to look for these assholes.  They're probably still in the fucking castle.  I say, take every floor, search every room.  But no, no one listens to me."
"Oy, aren't you the one that said they're probably in the catacombs?  You're fulla horseshit!  I think Rock is right, they're way off'a the grounds.  Someone helped 'em escape, probably someone close to that Bander guy, and they're making a run for it.  Gonna be their surprise, nowhere to run to, aye?"  

The first voice is gruff, hardened, frustrated.  A man looking to take out some repressed emotions in the form of extreme physical violence.  The other has a rather rat-like sound to his voice.  Nasally, with words spat quickly.
The two sound like they're rummaging around the room for something.
Dieter and Frume head further down the hall, into an area with rows of cell doors.  Some are bars on hinges where you can see into the cell.  Others are like the door Dieter and Frume were behind, heavy oak with banded iron bracings.  The latter are at the end of the hallway.  The very last one is standing ajar, an arm flopped outside of the opening.  As Dieter takes a few steps, Frume catches his arm.
The cell door to their immediate right is lined with several chests.
Dieter gives a muffled start and looks at where Frume is beckoning. He checks the door as if to open it.
The door opens...  (Sleight of hand check, let's see if it squeaks 😟)

Dieter takes his time, knowing the two thugs are basically right behind them.  Ever so slowly, he checks the handle.  It comes open with no sound, no resistance.  He looks around and with the caution born of survival, and the patience born of being a child of nature, he opens the door enough to let both he and Frume in.
There are three chests in this cell, the first one is wide open, nothing of importance is inside.  The second and third are against the remaining walls, both are closed.
“Frume, stay by the door for now and keep watch while I check these out.”, Dieter whispers.
He makes his way over.
Frume nods, draws his sword, and waits by the door.


The first closed chest is unlocked and un-trapped.  There Dieter finds his clothes and incidentals.  The second chest is locked.  (Sleight of hand or strength to break it.  Or, if you have another idea...)
Dieter sizes up the chest and tests it’s weight.

The tumbler gets caught.  Dieter tugs on the barb he's using and the lock *clicks* very audibly.  Luckily, or maybe not, at the same exact time, a bellow comes from the other room...
"Who the FUCK took my cards!"
Dieter slips his ring of invisibility on quickly and feels a deep precious relief come over him. He raises a shushing finger to Frume as he does so and beckons him to stand back against the wall as out of sight as possible.
Dieter vanishes.
Frume smiles as he sees Dieter disappear.  He hides inside the cell.  (Luck check, please!)
