strange-tension"Tsk, tsk...  It is a good guess, but no, Lumao.  I am not your brother.   He is far away from here.  But he was here, once.  He may be the only person who truly understands my pain.  I must admit, too, I enjoy his plans for...  correcting the imbalance.  I do have a message from him for you, though.   Shall I save it until we're face to face?"
Maouelue does not reply. Instead he looks upward, assessing where these branches lead? Could he climb further yet? The old feeling of being pulled by strings of fate and power-hungry machinations roils to his core.

Slowly, he comes to a determined conclusion. 

This time he points the wand directly at his own heart. He grips a branch from the tree firmly and says, “I am ready.  Take me to him.”
There is a slight chuckle, and the thin voice says, "I believe you have the wrong impression of that wand, young wizard.  But what you ask is...  curious.  I wonder..."

A few moments pass, then a circle of bluish-white appears where the door to the tavern room was before.  It widens out until the circle reaches from the top of the wall to the bottom, and stretches to fifteen feet across.  Through the door, Maouelue can see a blank white space, akin to the clouds he was just floating through.  Farther in, he can see the bottom half of a person dressed in black robes.
(Was wondering if the power of the tree could be channeled like that.)

Maouelue moves down to meet the figure on the threshold.
As Maouelue descends from the tree, more of the person on the other side of the rift becomes visible.  Standing comfortably, arms tucked into the front pockets of his robes, stands a young-ish man, human by all accounts, with a scraggly black goatee and dark black, lank hair hanging down.  He has a hint of a scar on his forehead that detracts a bit from his emerald green eyes.  He does not smile, nor does he scowl.  His countenance is...  very difficult to read, actually.  His robes are a good make, black again, and underneath, what Maouelue can see, are well made - possibly nobles? - clothing.  The boots are polished and impeccably shined, although they seem to be older.  The man gives off an air of intelligence, contemplation, and just a hint of smugness.  He eyes the wizard walking towards him.

In an almost monotone, very little inflection in his voice, he starts, "I wasn't expecting to be seeing you in quite this manner, brother.  What have you gotten yourself into to have the Prince connecting us like this?"
“Indeed, Brother, this was not how I expected it to be either. Funny, how everyone seems to know me already in these parts, yet, I suppose that’s natural for a rightful heir. Yes, I have come to reconcile my past with the Eladrin....,” he pauses a pregnant beat and searches deep in his pack for something, “...Father bade me deliver this to you.” He proffers the old scroll that Shi’Vandos had prepared for this very moment.
As Maouelue reaches out to pass the scroll, it bumps against the barrier.

The thin voice starts, "This is only for communication.  We still have unfinished business, wizard."

Shi'Veilan nods, then says, "Unroll it for me, Lumao.  I can read it if you hold it for me."
He nods and obliges, a misty sadness now coming over his eyes. This was not right. It shouldn’t have been like this, here, underground. Nevertheless, who knows when he might have the chance ever again. For Bahamut’s sake, he may not live to tell the tale of this very place at all!
Upon thinking of Bahamut, there is a shiver in the tree.  It seems to be bolstered, at least momentarily.  There is an intake of breath, but it does not come from Shi'Veilan.  

The dark man on the other side reads, nodding.  After a time, he looks up to Maouelue.  

"Have you read this, brother?"

“I have not, tempted though I admittedly may have been, I respected....our father’s wishes.”


There is a distinct impression Shi'Veilan knew Mao hadn't read the scroll yet.
“Would that things could have been different Shi’Veilan. Our father, for better or worse, follows his heart above all. Would that I could have known you sooner, but alack, some things are not meant to be. 

As to the meaning of your summoning, it seems the Pale Prince is keener to pull strings than to face things. His heart, lost to the frost, the kindling flame no longer alight within the recesses of his spirit. What part you play in all of this is anyone’s guess, but I mean to see this through. Perhaps it is best that this happened now, before...

...sigh...

Alack.”
"I don't play any part in it.  Whatever happened in the past is the past.  For now at least.  If I am able to put the events in the right order, however, you're after the dragon mark.  Father told you it was our lineage.  And since there was no word of a mad mage gallivanting around with the mark, he thought I failed?  Or had he known from the start it was a fool's errand?  Either way, it seems he's convinced you, for blood or glory, to do what he would not.  Have you realized the truth yet, Lumao?"
"A wise fool once told me that we are all pawns in the game of life. Perhaps that is so. What motivation would you give me otherwise to bestill the words of the man that I know?"
