strange-tensionFrume wipes the last few spiders away from himself and Dieter, and with a deft swipe of his dagger and stamp of his boot, the swarm is no more.
"What's the chance that's the worst living thing we see down here?"
[100 xp]
“Heh...I’ll not answer that rhetorical for fear of jinxing it.”

Dieter checks the far wall of the corridor for any more shenanigans.

Dieter can't tell if there are any more shenanigans or not.
Dieter gives it up and head back south to the other hallway.
"Now just what do we have here?"
As Dieter moves from the pantry and through the rooms to one of the main halls, Frume follows, giving a longing look at the gem-door.  Dieter moves to the end of the hall.  There the hall turns left, ending ten feet away with a door on the N end.  Several holes are cut into the clay wall.  Inset in the holes are several skulls, lit candles in the center.
Before the left turn, the N wall is covered with green mold, almost like algae.  (Perception check, please!)


Frume comes over to help. He places a dagger at where he believes the hinges to be, working the corner while Dieter tries again.  (Another, with advantage.)

“Thanks Frume.”
The dagger slips, the door creaks a bit.  But it remains shut.  "For the love of all that's holy, why are the doors down here impossible to get through?  It's almost like they don't want anything moving around down here, eh?"  He gives Dieter a dark look.
"Fuck it, lets try this."

The door hits a low note, *bong*, but does not yield.
"Worth a shot, I guess.  Looks like there's a door at the end of the hall."
“Hmm... Maybe we’ll find a means of opening it elsewhere.”
Dieter inspects the door for a locking mechanism.

Dieter is feeling exceptionally mediocre today.

The two look over the door.  Is doesn't have a keyhole, however there is a gem inset in the center.  This one is a dull brown.
“How’s that loot lust of your doing there eh Frume? Wanna give this one a go together?”
"Oh, always a lustful man, Dieter, don't ever think otherwise!  We breaking down the door or trying to remove the gem?"
“The gem friend. The gem.”

The gem *pop* comes out in Dieter's hand.  The door *creaks* open.  The light shines on an unadorned room.  Rough clay all over, but there are a few piles of dust or ash on the ground.  In the middle of the room stands a stone column.


The gem is imbued heavily with conjuration magic.  When inset into a wooden object like a door or a chest, it acts as a magical lock of sorts.  When the person trying to unlock fails their check, the wooden object grows a mouth with sharp teeth and attacks said person.  To set it into a wooden object takes an arcana check DC 13, with subsequent tries going up by DC 1.
“I suppose we should inspect this here pedestal, eh?”
Dieter beckons Frume over to the stone structure. He kneels down and looks around it’s base and searches for any markings that might betray its secrets.
Dieter and Frume enter the cubic room, the torchlight illuminating further in.  There is a wooden door at the E end of the N wall.  The dust doesn't stir much as they walk about.  The column is made of stone, not clay.  All four sides have fine ornamentation on them, intricate writing seems to scroll within the ornamentation.



“I have a keen sense that I’m being really obtuse about this obelisk.”
Dieter has never seen anything quite like this, nor has Frume.  You both get the feeling, looking over the script, that not many alive have ever seen anything like this, either.  As you pour over the intricate tracing, Frume pokes Dieter on the shoulder and says, "Look at that!"
*You can kiss me, but never on my cheek*
*You can see me face to face, but never shall we meet*
*We look alike, but not the same*
*When I go away, it is not I to blame*
*In water, glass, or steel, we can touch but never feel*
*We were born on the same day; all the same habits, act the same way*
“You are my reflection.”
On the closest side towards Dieter, the stone turns to liquid, then resolves to a mirror sheen.  First, Dieter can see his own reflection.  Then, the image shimmers and a woman is standing there.  She is human, average height, into her later years.   Her graying brunette hair is held back by a kerchief, and the clothes she wears are vibrant and heavily patterned.  She smiles.  Then a kindly voice enters your head.
"You may ask me any one question."  She waits expectantly.
“How is my destiny intertwined with these dark serpents, a shadow of the light cast by my miraculous companion?”
