strange-tension*The two are taken aback with shock. Their companion...was a joiner...Of course....
They stay silent for the time being.*
"Ohhh kay, well then...  I'll start.  I fully understand I might be talking to the ether, here, but our man said you were here last.  And it's hard to miss the carnage out front there.  Sooo, here goes.  We're business men, put simply.  We would prefer your help in our ventures.  And I'd be happy to take you to the headquarters, maybe reunite with Culver?  If either of ya is still here, there's really no way to fight yer way outta here.  Just offrin' up the olive branch first, as it is."
He waits, listening and watching.
*The two remain silent. Surely this is a ruse...*
Frume looks about a bit more.  Sheaths his other blade.  Makes a face as if to say, *well, okay*, and hollers back through the window.  
"Fan out you lot.  See if there's anything we missed.  And get those bodies buried.  Or burned.  I want reports from the team leaders before nightfall."
He steps through the window with a backwards glance.  One more scan of the area, then nods again and leaves.
The sound of many people surround the barrow.  A few come and go through the room, but mostly it's left alone.
*Dieter takes what chance he can as the men come and go. He sidles over to where he saw Maouleue throw the net over himself.*
"Maouelue, you'll never go undetected with all that metal on you. I'll go rally the boys downstairs and we'll figure out a plan..."
*The Druid hears a light hum, a few words, and some disembodied shuffling as the wizard does something under the net.*

*Dieter takes the wizard at his word and shuffles over to the Baobab ladder, he glances around one more time before heading down the long climb.*
*Maouelue goes into a meditative state while he waits, his mind going through its exercises and refreshing his spirit.*



The two make it down the baobab ladder undetected, at least what they are able to tell.  Unaccosted, to be certain.



There are more people coming and going from the room, and suspiciously the same one comes back three or four times, each time checking the altar in the middle of the room.  An hour passes with none entering.  Then two.  Finally, the suspicious man, who looks very rat-like, enters the room and ushers two others in carrying a heavy burlap sack each.  They heft them onto the altar with a sickly *thud*.  The rattish man sneers at the sacks and rubs his hands together.  Realizing the others were still in the room, he shoos them out hurriedly, and waves his hand over the doorway.  A light blue shimmer covers the doorway.  The man stops, seems pleased, does the same for the windows next.  After the room is sufficiently secured for the man, he goes back to the sacks and starts taking items out.  (Perception check for Mao, please.)

The pieces he sloughs out of the bag are what remains of the woman Mao had killed to the south of the barrow.  The man arranges the pieces neatly, to make a sort of makeshift person.  When complete, he looks over both shoulders and out of both windows again.  Coming back to the body, he spreads both hands wide over them.   Dark smoke curls around the man's fingers, then hands, then arms, extending down and around the pieces of the dead woman as well.  Maouelue can see the whites of his eyes, or at least his eyes have a completely white cast to them.  He's muttering now.  (Religion check for the speech, Arcana for the spell.)  The bits of pieces on the table start to shudder.


Maouelue is having a hard time concentrating as the words are causing a thrumming in his chest.  A dull ache starts as the words continue to wash over him.  The dark shadow smoke washes out from the man now in waves; pours over the dais and completely obscures the contents upon the altar.  

Suddenly, the man stops chanting.  He stands there with his mouth open, eyes white, buffeted in smoke tinged purple in places.  Arc lightning races through the smoke.  Then the darkness descends.  Maouelue is completely blind to the happenings.  He puts a hand directly in front of his face and, thank the gods, he can barely make out the silhouette.  More magic, this is.  

The heavy darkness and smoke slough off like ash falling to the ground.  The man is standing before the altar, facing an abomination sitting, staring at him.  The thing has a rat face, but somewhat humanoid as well.  It has rat like appendages, a tail, but also have very human features, too.  It is a perfect blending of the two species.  The rattish man chuckles.
*Lord help me.*
The mage whispers a few words and moves his hands as silently as he can while under the net. He pops up all of a sudden behind the man and sends a bolt of divine light!*

MA1 was added to combat with initiative 1d20 (16) + 2 = `18`.
WE1 was added to combat with initiative 1d20 (7) + 2 = `9`.
Combatant already exists.



MA1 was added to combat with initiative 1d20 (8) + 2 = `10`.
WE1 was added to combat with initiative 1d20 (5) + 2 = `7`.
