strange-tension"Well, I'm sobered up after that light came down and flashed on you!  Thought you were going to be spirited away or summat..."  He takes a deep breath, trying to center himself.
“Ah! I’m sure you are, I’m sure you are friend, and for that I am grateful.”
Dieter takes a beat...”Frume, this may seem odd, but I’m fearful we could be in for a fair amount of trouble before we make it out of here. You have been so great a companion, I am embarrassed not to have asked you more about yourself. Hells! I don’t even know your last name, ha! Pray, let us become better acquainted.”
“I’ll start. My full name is Dieter Deleter, druid of the coast. I come from the sword coast on an island just west of the Trollbark Forest. My family name is actually De Liter, but after....after the tragedy, I was banished and branded Deleter until I return in with my honor and receive absolution.”

As Dieter starts speaking, talking of surnames and histories, the druid sees Frume start to close off, slightly.  Something in his eyes gives Dieter that there is something there that makes Frume conflicted.
"Yeah, partly my fault, I guess.  Truly well met, Dieter.  I'm actually from around the area.  Lived close to Oakhurst all my life.  My last name..  is Bandersnatch.  Family name after a great-great ancestor slayed an enormous beast from the Abyss.  I'm sorry to hear of the tragedy in your history, I truly am.  After all you've done, would you not be able to return redeemed now?"

Dieter is skeptical.
“Ah! You’re from around Oakhurst? Where did you live?  In the hills? By the river? A big house outside of town?”
The last line gets him.  His eyes go wide and he looks down at his feet.  Slowly, he says, "What kind of vision did you have there, friend?"
“Don’t mean to gloss over the bit about the Abyssal beast as well, that sounded fierce!”...”Wait, oh what’s that? Didn’t catch you there...”
Head still down, eyes still downcast, he turns and walks toward the S door.  He starts speaking very heavily, as if the words cause him great pain and are being wrenched from him.
"My first explanation to you was a bunch of lies, I was never the hero of a town nor did I lose everything in a fire.  Well... not until recently.  You and Maouelue burned down my family home, so technically, I guess my first statement did come to pass...  in a matter of speaking."  He looks up at Dieter.
"Don't get me wrong, if I coulda burned the fuckin' place to the ground before, I would 'ave!  My real name is Jaecob Muhlen.  I'm one of several middle sons of the Muhlen throng.  And," his eyes grow sorrowful, "I'm the Runemark."
He chuckles.  "Although, our youngest wouldn't have you believe it.  Wilm always coveted our father's power and influence.  He was always searching after the next legacy for the Muhlen name.  Problem is, this gift or curse or whatever-the-hell it is that our family has...  it doesn't exactly follow a pattern.  The eldest heir doesn't always get it.  Nor does the most sane.  I actually received it fairly young.  And I tried to give it back, I tried to rectify the fucking situation.  But all to naught, as it seems.  Never found the Giant's lands, never really even crossed the Trackless Sea.  Got stranded out on an island, pirates picked me up.  To get away, I told them..." He starts laughing in earnest, now, "Told 'em that I could turn silver to gold!  Told them I could increase their coffers with a single mark!!  They had me prove it, and they let me live.  Pieces of shite, they all were.  Dropped me in the middle of Luskan for dead.  Well...  well, you wanted to hear my history.  That's just some of the sordid details.  What else did this vision tell you?  Am I getting it all right so far?"  He leans against a wall and slides down to sitting, head in his hands.
“Heh, and there we have it at last. Don’t worry Fru– Jaecob, we all have our demons, our skeletons in the sea. The truth will heal in all this and now it is my turn. Alezander...that was your father’s name, yes? It was he I met in the light-of-the-dark. He told me of the secret family history. He railed against the illithid usurpers that have taken this hold. And lastly he...he implored me to set him free...”
Frume/Jaecob immediately looks up at you, fear straining his face as you say this last.  "Aye, that was my father's name.  And if he was fighting ill-thids, or whatever you said, so be it.  He can rot in Nessus for all I care, good riddance.  Whatever he *implored* you to do, though, forget about it.  He has a sweet tongue and a black heart.  Let it lie, friend.  Let's just concentrate on getting the hell outta this place.  Then, maybe, we can see to stopping my ignoble brother in his insane notion of 'conquering the world', aye?"
