strange-tensionThe Queen walks in, and all of the soldiers take a knee.  Including Daran.  She walks through to the section with the swords.  "These were forged long ago, back when my sister was simply the Winter Queen.  She was kind, sweet.  Not the cold-hearted person she is now.  These were never meant to fight against each other, they are best used together.  They can only be imparted to the champion of the Summer Queen.  Who shall rise to that title?  Present yourself before me, and I will see your destiny."
Maouelue kneels, "I am your champion, Queen Titania. It is my company's piercing of the veil that pushes these causes to the brink. In solemn service to the causes of justice I shall straddle the divide between worlds, between houses divided, between Summer and Winter, between Life and Death."
She bids the wizard to approach and kneel at her feet.  (Does Maouelue comply?)
He respectfully genuflects, down on one knee.
She smiles, shakes her arms out of her voluminous, sheer sleeves, and places her palms on Maouelue's temples.
A feeling like plunging in ice-water, naked, consumes the mage.  A feeling like all of his nerves have gone full tilt, and visions run through his head like stampeding animals running from a ravenous monster...
*A tower, books, learning.*
*A field, walking through with Shi'Vandos, teaching.*
*A secret meeting, a secret brother, a secret family.*
*A search, a town, a friend, a small favor.*
*A series of tunnels, swarms of rats.*
*A return, triumphant, a meeting in the woods, an assassin, treachery.*
The images spill on and on, until the moment they're in, then beyond, but the images get too fast to see, they blur together, they become as a pool of colored water, swirling, spinning...
As if pulled through an ice sheet, Maouelue opens his eyes and is back in the armory.  The Summer Queen rips her hands away and catches herself from falling on the table with the feywild oddities, knocking a few things on the floor.  Her face is contorted in a mixture of emotions.  (Perception check, please!)

"My Queen?"
She looks confused, angry yet elated, and horror-stricken, all at the same time.  Maouelue's comany (and all of the other soldiers, for that matter) have never seen her anything more or less than placid.  This is an extreme reaction, and she's not really trying to hold anything back, either.
She's breathing heavy and says, "You?!"
Maouelue looks up into her eyes, not knowing, but intuiting the depths at which his presence, his heritage, the timing of his coming, could upset the balance here of all places. His curiosity forms as careworn crow's feet in the corners of his eyes, his spritely vigor letting down its illusion to show the meticulous, resourceful, yet confused child-grown. The thirst for the answer to all the riddles of his lineage now written in the lines on his face, begging for the answer.
"Shi'Vandos is my father. I...did not know it until late; not long ago as a matter of fact did I learn of my history. I aim not to bring this old rift to your doorstep, and thus have focused on the matters at hand...but now, I see there is no avoiding it. Please...I am at your service...but I need to know...who I truly am."
She straightens, shakily.  One of her aides brings her a chair, just in time as she collapses as soon as she gets fully upright.  All manner of people are both around her for support, and avoiding the kneeling man on the floor, as if he were diseased and highly contagious.  The Queen whispers something to a soldier to her left, and he bolts away, without a second look back.  The atmosphere is tense... strange.
She takes another deep breath.  From a conflicted countenance, she begins.
"There once was a noble family, they were not a part of the Court but they yearned to be.  There are both times and methods we have in place to admit such families into our fold.  Of which, this family took part and was eventually accepted as a full noble blood member of the Summer Court.  They hid, however, a dark secret, one which destroyed not only their standing within our hallowed halls, but created a rift so large they were all banished to other realms for eternity, never again being allowed to set foot in the Feywild.
"Yet, my husband, a kind and generous man, did not guarantee their banishment by completing the ritual that would keep them out.  He, in kindness, though that future generations might be able to make amends.  He banished only the culprits, but not the kin.  There is a saying that the children pay for the sins of their fathers.  In this case...  well... that may as yet be seen.
"Have you heard tell of the dragonmarks?  Or the prophecy of the Dragon, Maouelue?"
"I have seen and read many things relating to the dragons, but this point eludes me. Please, enlighten me." 

He continues to kneel, head lowered in deference.
"And what do you know of other realms, planes?  Eberron?"
"Is this, truly, the only other plane you've visited besides your own?"  An anger starts rising in the Queen.
"Only whispers, allusions, references..."
"Answer me true, Maouelue the Dragon Mage, what do you intend to do after the victorious raid?  Take my throne?  Steal the Court?  Destroy the Feywild?!"
