strange-tension
Dieter studies the heart, all of it's workings, the connections to the machination.  A small voice speaks up in the back of his mind... 
*"The damn flayers took out my heart!  To the Hells with them, Druid!  We must send them from whence they came.  Hurry, now.  You almost have everything you need to dispose of their filth.  Destroy their gruesome experiment and take the weapon from the other room.  Then we shall be rid of this prison for good!"*
Dieter wraps the fishheart globe in what wrappings he can find and stows it in his pack. He wonders is the good folks over at Bags of Holding Inc.™️ have added a soundproofing feature, then supposed he’ll find out soon enough, at any rate this one is value all the way. He tightens the pack back up then calls to his menagerie. “Time to move out!” He knocks on Shelli’s shell and beckons her out. “Hey there girl, I need you to do me a solid. Can you carry out friend here?”
He assumes whatever “Blaaaalkkkeee” means is some form of snail assent and begins to load Jaecob’s prone body onto the Flail Snail, hoping the shell is comfortable enough to ride but not enough to sleep.
Dieter turns around and sees Flayco nibbling on Jaecob's head.
“Don’t. Eat. JAECOB!!!” He shrieks at the mass of wings and tentacles. He tries to pry off the hungry hungry Flayco from the only Human company that remains to him.
The tentacles rise, Flayco looks at the druid.  Dieter can see the little, sharp teeth drawing blood on Jaecob's forehead.
Dieter pulls the heart-fish-globe back out and holds it up directly in front of Flayco’s eyes, waving it back and forth in a hypnotic manner. “Do you want this ball? Do ya? Do you want this ball?” He then rolls it away from Jaecob back through the weave of tents and says, “Go get it!”
*Clearly the psychic damage is taking its toll on the Druid.*

Dieter hears a disgusting *slurpp* as the baby dragon peels itself off of Jaecob.  It's beady eyes lock on to the sphere and he scrabbles after it.
Dieter shouts, “That’s my good boy!”, then turns to examine the fresh would on his incapacitated friend with the increasingly inconvenient illithid ingestion injury.

The hair on top of his head is now matted with blood.  There is a small tracing of marks around the crown of his head, but it looks like this was too big of a quarry for the little illithi-dragon.  Still, Muhlen is not looking great.  He is still stable, however.
“Ok kids, time to go!” He beckons Shelli, with the blighted man on her back, over to the door and searches around for the scrabbling Flayco, “Here boy! Time to go find some meat!” 
He marches determinedly toward the stone door. 
“*Sungovall*...”
The door starts opening again.
The motley crew shuffles, schlurps, and scampers through the door. Dieter eyes the scene cautiously and moves to the other magical door.
Dieter leads the menagerie to the curved wall, amazed at his dumb luck in the accidental linguistic limbo he’s be meandering through. He produces a flame to light the way, bracing for the impending psychic itch.
The stone door opens inward on the group, they all wait with bated breath to see the room beyond.  *Scraaaaape* The stone leaves a groove on the dusty floor.  By the light of Dieter's flame, he can view a circular room, unlit but with ready torches ensconced in the walls.  A few tattered tents are set up, but the main feature is a circular pit in the center of the room.  Dark clouds rage and roll in a pit, shadow lightning arcs and crackles without sound or light.  Above this miasma, as if floating atop it, looks to be a clay disc of sorts.
As the druid moves around the room, careful not to get too close to the pit, he can see more of their surroundings.  There are several tables set up as workbenches.  Various items are strewn about, most of them used in some form of herbalism or construction aspects.  There is a large stone structure on the W side of the wall.  In front of it is a strange cylinder, set on its side, with four vertical sections with strange glyphs on them.
Dieter sends his flame over to the nearest sconce and lights one of Jaecob’s torches from the resulting flame, moving around the room to light the rest. He snuffs out the torch he is holding and stows it back into Jaecob’s pack. He uses the resulting light to investigate all the markings in the room and to inspect the herbs for anything that might help his companion, as well as general healing and alchemical reagents.
The lights ignite in their sconces one by one as Dieter traverses the room.  The last one is lit and the group can see the details of the work spaces.  Various herbs and accoutrement are scattered hither and yon, nothing looks fresh or even edible at this point.  Sticks can be seen sticking out of what presumably was a shrub or tree, all of it desiccated now.  There is a thrum in the air, and Dieter notices it gets more intense as he gets nearer the clay disc in the center of the room.
