strange-tensionA shuffling then a huge *WHUMP* sounds on the other side of the doorway.  Smoke rushes and billows out past the heroes, clearing to see a humongous fire giant looking at them through the doorway.
"CAN YOU GET ME HAND BACK?  IT WAS THE BAD WIZARD.  CALLED HIMSELF SHIV THE DRAGON.  LAST I SAW HE CUT OFF ME HAND AND WENT THROUGH THIS DOOR."  He points to the doorway with his hand-less stump.
"Come then Snarr. There is something you need to see. Perhaps something that will find you *exactly* what you seek. Follow me."
*Maouelue considers something a moment...*

"...Unless you are in some way bound...?"
"I AM.  I'M TOO BIG TO FIT THROUGH THE DOOR." Maouelue can see it would be impossible to get him out through the door in between them.
"Hmm...let me think a moment..."
"If you would let me do something...*a bit of a trust exercise*....I may just have an answer. How well do you feel at the moment?"
"WELL...  THAT FIRE DIDN'T HURT, TICKLED REALLY, BUT...  I'M KINDA HUNGRY.  COULD USE SOME FOOD.  DRINK IF YE HAVE IT.  THEY DON'T FEED ME MUCH, I THINK THEY FORGOT ABOUT ME."
"HOW'RE YOU?"
"Ah yes, I know we've got a bit here somewhere." He grabs a few rations from his pack. "Ah yes, here we go. It's not much, but hopefully it's a start!" He leans back a moment to fill the others in about the goings-on.
The giant eats, eagerly.  (You made a friend!)
"While you eat, friend, we will sit down the hall while the smoke clears, sorry about that by the way, and recover our strength. We'll need it for what comes next..."
[short rest/(Feywild LR)]
Snarr offers for you to come into the vast room and eat with him.
"Indeed, we will join you! Come Bella, come Benna!"
As he sees the women, he says, "OOOH, PRETTIES!!"
He waves with his good hand.
"Alright, alright, keep your hand to yourself!" He smirks.

He looks abashed and sits on his hand.  Bellatrix smiles at him, though, and that brightens him up.
“Ok then Snarr, it looks like we’re about ready then. I just need to know one thing. Do you want to do the honors or me?” He pulls out the Mace of Reduction and proffers it. “All it will take is one *good* strike, and we should be in business.”
"MAYBE WE CAN TAKE TURNS?  WHAT AM I HITTING?"
“Well you see here Snarr, the thing is, this mace right here...”
*He gestures again with the mace.*
“...will cast a reduction spell on you if we get it *just* right.”
“May I?...”

“Ahh...not quite...”

“Eeesh, sorry about that. Maybe if you hold still I can get lined up just right...”
[adv?]
“Here let me ease this for you a bit.”

“There, does that help?”
"YEP!  THANKS!"  He scratches his head with his stump.


The giant, in a sudden spasm, shrinks down to half his size, stunning the ladies who didn't know you could do that!
Snarr, surprised by seeing the small people get large, takes a few moments to re-orient himself.  
"Hmmm."
After a time, he notices the door is significantly more...  available to proceed through, and smiles at Maouelue.
(Crits on a 19+)
“Y’alright there sNARR? Here, take this.”

“That ought to help a little anyway. Now follow us!”
He follows, mesmerized at finally leaving his prison.
“I’d say, ‘Smell the fresh air,’ but....”
He leads the brief way down the hall and shows the seal to sNARR. “I think the answer to your questions lies here, friend.”
“I know not what will happen, but if we don’t see each other again, I wish you the best in  your search. Let the name Lumao “Maouelue” Albrek be known as a friend to the Giants.”
With wide eyes, he enters the treasure room, gazing at the wondrous wealth and shiny things.  Then his gaze lands on the 'coin' on the wall, and his mouth falls open even farther.  As he moves towards the object, there is a low humming that starts.  Everyone looks around, but as Snarr gets closer to the 'coin', the humming quite obviously gets louder and louder.  As he reaches for it, puts his hands on it, the humming turns into a heartbeat, the now very loud *thrumm thrumm* echoing around the room and seemingly throughout the underground complex.  

Snarr's hands move around some of the runes, then he finds the dragon mark.  As his hand touches it, like molten gold melting away, the patina of the 'coin' falls away and a blast furnace of heat greets the adventurers.
Maouelue’s blue orbs shrivel a little.
“If I may....before you go...what is this place?”
"A long time ago, Zalto, the guy up there, split the fire giant ordning so's we couldn't come back to our home in the elemental plane of fire.  We'd been kicked out so long...  I'm not even sure there are any more of my kind over there.  But, anything is better than being here.  Thank you, Maouelue, friend o'the giants.  I will tell others of your great deeds."  He bows low to Maouelue and the women, then steps through the gate and, in reverse, the molten gold flows back up to re-seal the 'coin'.
The group lingers in the silence, in the space that for the first time in who knows how long, was no longer a prison. They move into the room vacated by Snarr gathering in their surroundings. Maouelue asks Benna to provide some light.
The room is the biggest space the group has seen so far.  Cracks in the floor reveal where the methane gas has been coming from.  Just below the floor seems to be a lava run, which had been eroding various minerals.
