strange-tension“Here lie the relics of Lord Muhlen. He kept more than secrets in those halls. The Vault we found was surrounded by undead and grave warnings. Here lie the heirloom treasures of his delving. He sought deep, deep beneath even the lowest foundation of his haunt. The trap leading below the vault carried us into vast caverns of mystery. The book you see here was a gift, you see... A relic left to his *worthiest* of offspring, his...’dearest daughter.’ 

As fate would have it, we met the man you saw there...”, He points to the scrying lens, “...in the mirror. That man gave us aid in the direst of circumstance. He saved and healed us when all else would have failed. With us, he traveled deeper intro the tunnels, showing us the way to many curiosities. *He seemed to know the tunnels in a way.* Frumious, or Frume as he would have us call him, led us to the first of many serpentine artifacts we would find down there. Altars and reliefs of ancient Naga rituals, dark sacrifice, a multi-headed dragon laying waste a continent...

As it turns out, some waste was laid on our behalf as well. You see, the serpents...well, three of them stood in this very room the last time we met. Three that have been lain low by our hands. Mine, Dieter’s, Frume’s and...” He stops a moment to consider the curiosity of the mirror men, the Henchys. Just how did they fit into all this? Should he even mention them? “...and some...I’m not quite sure how to explain it, but some magical-summonings-cum-acquaintances-cum-cohort? You see we found this mirror back when we first went seeking Douglas....” Maouleue takes a beat and surveys his audience. “...ah, never mind all that. Suffice it to say the Muhlen sisters *and their brother* are no more. Just how they tie into the Runmark’s machinations though, I am not yet sure. Please, friends of the light, understand this one last thing, the very place we finally surfaced was right atop a bottomless chasm underground.”
“It would seem where once we were saved by the light, we may now need descend into darkness in order to restore balance to these lands and to the lives of all who tread near this corruption.”
Eyes go wide.  Looks pass between everyone.  They look to the items, then Maouelue, then each other.  All in silence.
Finally, Vam breaks the quiet, saying, "Now, wait a minute.  If you're saying this citadel...  you've possibly been in?  Or near?  Then...  the rest could be true, too?"   He scratches his stubble.  "And what about the Runemark's forces?  If they're using that thing as a base of operations or something, well...  what else could they be harboring down in the depths?  We might have a difficult time taking down a human army.  But what if...?"  His voice fades as the possibilities surround the group.
“It may be that a small band such as ourselves, moving quietly and unseen could be the best chance at taking them down. They won’t expect an attack from within, and if I were a betting elf, I’d say they won’t expect me to go back down in a hurry... Nevertheless, we should take caution. If only there were some way to draw out their forces, draw any of the guard away from the halls within...”
Bellatrix starts at this last from Maouelue.  "But, isn't that what we are proposing already?  Bringing a force in front of them, drawing them out?"
“I must admit, I am torn. If this is indeed the place, then I fear it will only grow stronger with every passing moment. What of magical means? Could we not cause some sort of disturbance of another sort? One that does not risk the will and loyalty of others? And most importantly, one that does not take so much to time! To think, that I was to lead us *away* from the place! No, I fear if our man is caught in that dread place, I dare not delay any longer, lest all hope be lost for his redemption.”
The group ponders.  Bellatrix sits up on her couch, Vam paces near the entryway.  Heston is meandering, taking in the strange ambience of the witch's home.  Daran sits on a side chair, eyes closed, deep in thought.  Worry lines wrinkle his usually serene face.
Seconds turn to minutes.  The silence, and worry, deepens.  Vam starts to say something, then shakes his head and stops.
Suddenly, there is a soft knocking at the front door.
Lightning hits, thunder rolls, outlining the doorway with an electric white light.
Bellatrix looks up, peers around the room at the others.  Saying, "Excuse me," she gets up and heads toward the entry.
She grips the handle, and swings the door.
Another strike of lightning outlines a hunched figure.  When the color comes back to the world, the group sees an old, grey-haired woman, wearing worn travelling clothes and carrying a carpet bag over a forearm.
Bellatrix gasps.  "Sister?"
``` ```
The blue glow permeates everything.  A pulse beats, intensifying the miasma around Dieter.  He cannot see or feel anything except for his own consciousness within the glowing blue-grey fog.  

A white light descends from above.  It is small, even as it gets closer to Dieter it doesn’t grow at all.  This silver-white ball of light stops what seems like inches from the druid, and words emanate in the void.  “Thank you for your trust, Druid.  I fear I may have inadvertently scarred your friend as well.  I will try to make this as brief as I can.”  The ball of light morphs into the visage of a wizened man.  All of his features are tinged blue, but Dieter gets the sense that he is an old human, and his robes suggest a wizard or scholar of the arcane.  

“My name is Lord Alezander Muhlen.  I have been entombed in this… place for many decades.  Originally I had heard rumors that this place was the center of Netherese lore.  Upon my arrival, I found illithids making this their base and… reaping the legends of our forefathers.  To my great consternation, they were much more powerful that I could have imagined.  They captured me, tortured me for information.  Finally, they entombed my body in one of their stasis-pods.  Possibly for further experimentation.  You need to free me.  I am lost in here.  However, I can give you a general direction to where I am. Follow the light I can provide, be wary of the illithid warriors, and we will stop their foul plot upon our lands!”
"One -I am both.  A bargain was made a very long time ago with the forefathers of our forefathers.  In return, I was to see their glorious light brought back from the brink of annihilation and render up unto them the dregs of this world.  They were to reign again, and I was to be their ambassador.  It may still be, yet.  The torch has been passed, as they so colloquially say.  The time may yet come to fulfill the terms of our agreement.  The Great World Serpent may yet draw breath upon the Material Plane.  And, if it does so, all humanity will fall under their carnage.
