strange-tensionThe men speak up at once, jumping up and patting Maouelue on the back, offering him a seat.  
"Hey now, lad!"
"Thank you for the vintage!"
"For the heart of the city!" 
"To the Queen and King!"
"Long live the Court!"
Their exuberance is caught by other tables, and the revelry heightens. 
The dour woman gives Maouelue a half-smile.
"Come now, let us have a song in memory of this moment!" Maouelue looks around for some of the attending musicians and calls for a Fey ley to be sung by all.
A fresh-faced bard gets shoved towards the group.  He has a hand harp.  That's slightly out of tune.  The heckles start right away from the group of dock workers.  The bard, sheepishly, starts playing an ode to the day.
Although nervous, he plays decently, if a bit blandly.  The story is of heroes on a mighty quest searching for the lost elven bow of The Prince of Frost.  One of the dock workers boo him and ask if anyone knows about the tale of the Dôlgubalak.  The woman slaps the man in the shoulder, hard.
She whispers something acidically under her breath.  (Perception check, please!)
"Dôlgubalak you say? Aye let's hear that but after! I'm a sucker for a frosty Elven bow, I must confess."
The bard stammers and balks, the harp twangs reluctantly.  The boos increase, but at the encouragement of Maouelue, people pipe down and pay attention to the story.
Unfortunately it's a meandering mish-mash of love story and romance novelette, a juvenile sordid tale.
Something about it being buried with his true love.

Maouelue tries to hear what the woman says, but just misses it.
She looks pretty mad though.
The fresh elf finishes his song to a smattering of applause.  A super fan yells behind him somewhere, and he bows off, blushing.
Another bard comes up, this one an autumn eladrin, bronze skin shining in the evening light.  She has a beautifully crafted lute, and she hums up to the edge of the restaurant's outdoor seating to a smattering of claps.  
In a heavy brogue, the eladrin bard says in a loud voice, "Did I hear someone want to know the tale of the Black Ship of the Shee Alus, eh?"
Applause from most of the tables.  Every one except Maouelue's new friends.  Silence comes from them.  A few of them even look... scared.
"Play on mistress!"
The bard gets a glint in her eye.  She bows to Maouelue, then picks up a sea shanty rhythm and tempo.  The crowd starts stomping along, clapping in time with the beat as the woman gets into a groove...
An amazing thing happens as she starts to sing.  Maouelue sees the reality of what's happening, but another layer, like a film across his eyes, show him the happenings of her words.

She tells of a group of elves, power hungry and hell-bent on ruling the waters of the Feywild.  These peoples made their slaves create a mighty ship, black as obsidian with black sails to match.  It looked like a thunderhead as it rode the waves, and in a storm, is was completely hidden.  It manned many wizards who controlled the weather, to make it storm around their black ship at all times.  And with that dire boat, they ruled the oceans of the Fey.
Until one day, they met with a more powerful fiend.  From the depths it rose, chasing, then catching the mariners and their formidable craft.  In an instant, they were cast asunder, forever lost to the sea.  They only reason people knew of this tale is because the black ship was never seen on the waves again.  Peace came to the harbors and islands.  Life was sweet.  But every once in a while, people say they can hear the music of the boat, drifting in from the deep waters.  Singing of doom from the pirates below the sea.  And their new god.
With a minor chord and a final bow, the woman closes her song to silence.
Maouleue slowly stands and begins to applaud. “Enchanting...madam.” He flips her a gold coin.
The rest of the group starts to clap until a full rousing chorus of applause comes into bloom.  Coins start cascading at her feet, and she bows again.
Suddenly, Tinebrae jumps up from the table and runs into the main restaurant, nearly knocking over a couple waiters bringing more food out.
“Follow her.” Maouleue whispers to the slick handler. Don’t worry, we’ll get you a box.”
The elf nods, wipes his mouth, excuses himself to Bellatrix, and hastens away.
As the bard retires from the spotlight, the street calms down to a relative normal.
Maouelue and the group continue with their meal, the mage keeping an ear on the other group all the time now, as he makes pleasantries with the rest. After a while he calls for the tab and says they must be on their way.
The tab is produced, putting the mage out 200 gold.  (Daran helps out, too!)  They all start to disperse, running into the guard on their way out of The Queen's Smile.  Approaching Maouelue, he says, "She went into the kitchens, they won't let me in there.  I did look in, though, and she's sitting on a crate by the back door.  Might be able to go around, if you wish to speak with her, lord wizard."
“Perhaps I will. Yes, perhaps I will. Pray take the others to the carriage. I will be along shortly.”
A short salute and he leads them away, promising the carriage will be waiting on the street for the wizard.
