strange-tensionThen...  *BOOM* the sky is lit up by a dazzling fireworks display!
A myriad of colors pop and fizz and explode, to the delighted clapping of Briffo.
"The rod of Sky Explosions!  Might need some work on the title.  But the results speak for themselves!  Played a show once where someone set these off while I was playing.  Very good time, I can tell you."  He smiles, reminiscing.
The halfling is a *whirl* of emotions.  He was very enthusiastic to play, starting to take out his shawm, but slowly puts it away, nodding that it might be better to conclude business.  His face is extremely malleable, and he wears his emotions right out front!
"Positively, good men, I couldn't agree more.  What... ah... What exactly are we going to that house for?"
"Do you have any experience in...the art of altercation Briffo?"
"Oh, I've been in a scrap once or thrice, but, if I'm hearing you correctly...  Nothing of that like, no..."
*Dieter gestures to the Light Crossbow slung across his Clydesdale and the shortswords laid out amongst the tradegoods.*
The halfling looks from you two to the weapons to the horses, then back to you.  He steels himself and says, "I've been on the sidelines for far too long.  Why not, eh?!  Time to *make* some stories, not just tell of them!  I'm with ye, lads!  Er...  whoever ye are!"
*The group spends some time divvying up equipment. Dieter hands over the crossbow and poison shortswords. He dons the elven boots and hands the robe over to Maouelue to do the same. He picks up the bandolier and considers it, then looks at Briffo.*
*While Dieter asks this, Maouelue picks up the RoSE and turns the three rings over in his other hand.*
"I might be persuaded...  If the fiend was foul enough!"


This is the content
Let's see if we can set this up in roll20
Updated from Roll20
(This is more just professional curiosity anyway 🙂

Updated from Roll20

Are you trying to open it locally or add it to the Roll20 app?


[200 xp each]





*The three stare at the ring, waiting with bated breath. Maouelue can not quite put his finger on the significance, but Dieter’s gaze is intensifying.*

“
I...
II...
III...
“
“All these ghosts...backward in time...we are 9. I feel I’ve never begun to be feelin’ fine. No matter the letter or the number line.”
“
I...
II...
III...
1...
3...
7...
9...
“
*Dieter glances askance at Maouelue, who now seems to be slipping into some sort of trance, whether voluntary or not is indiscernible.*
*Dieter places the ring back in Briffo’s hand and folds the halfling’s fingers around it.*
“Matter of fact, why not put that ring to the test. Let’s wipe this flour off you and have you scout our exit. Should you see any more ghouls, stay our progress and we shall deliberate. Lead on Briffo.”


*Dieter’s attempt at a smooth snapping trick singes his fingertips. Chastened by shame, he produces his flame in the conventional manner.*
(Crazy night, just getting back in from yard work, etc!)
As the group stares at the ring, flames dance along it's mirrored surface.  The flames change to ghastly faces, to glyphs, to writing, to faces again...  The three shake their heads, as if trying to rid themselves of the visions.  The wizard, for just a moment, seizes on something from the long distant past.  A tale of old forgotten lore regarding a lost ring of invisibility and...  was it fire?  Eons ago, there was a story about a lost ring...  But as soon as it comes, the memory goes.  

Briffo takes the ring back, almost conspiratorially.   He shakes off some of the dust, puts the ring back on, then leads the group northward through the NE door.
Towering bookcases line the walls and stretch across this room, but there are only a few books left on them.  A lounging area is furnished for comfort, though the leather looks aged.
There are six main bookshelves, all marked with sigils.  Two couches and a few side tables are arranged for relaxed study.  There are several candelabra here, a couple still have hale candles in them.
*They inspect the sigil labels and compare notes, then begin to look amongst the books.*
Some of the sigils are familiar, a couple Maouelue doesn't know.  (D30 for number of books.)
You find a contemporary interesting book entitled 'Physiologies of Magical Creatures' - Information on the biology of Beholders, Dragons, Unicorns, and more. Full of diagrams. This book is a little more eye-catching than most other mundane books.

This book is in mint condition. It is written in Common Speech. It has a lengthy foreword or dedication to someone.

This book is worth 50 gps and has 145 pages.
You find a old skill book entitled Unearthed Theories on Knowledge. This book is meant to increase a wizards intelligence. (This could be used as a permanent or temporary stat increase if read and studied.)
This book is leafed through, but otherwise good condition. It is written in Common Speech. It is obviously not written in the author's mother tongue.
This book is worth 65 gps and has 214 pages.
