strange-tensionThe men saunter up to where Dieter is sitting, remove the patrons next to him at the bar, to much verbal violence.  They sit, staring straight ahead, not paying much attention to their surroundings.  Occasionally they'll pass a glance between them.


*Dieter jibes offhandedly in the brutes' general direction.*
No response from either.
*Mouelue enters the front of the tavern and bids Douglas keep out of sight near the door. He edges his way around the wall and sidles up to Frenchy, whispering to him to tell Dieter it's time go go.*
The tension mounts.  Patrons continue their drinking and merrymaking.  The music starts to come to a crescendo.  The two men continue to sit and stare into the ether. (Perception check.)

They don't seem to be taking notice of any one or anything around them, except for Dieter.  It's almost as if they're listening intently.
*Dieter glances over at Frenchy, realizing he has not seen Maouelue and Douglas in awhile, and is surprised to see his companion and henchmen watching him apprehensively. He furrows his brow, questioningly...*
*Maouelue cast a searching glance around for the proprieter.*
*Frenchy attempts to signal silently that they need to leave...NOW.*
A "Huzzah" goes up at the mention of another tune.  Douglas whispers to Maouelue, "The owner is the barkeep, Kennet.  Looks pissed, eh?"  The barkeep plops another plate down, this one greasy, fried fish bits and golden roasted potatoes.  The smell is heavenly.
The two men take turns cracking their knuckles.
*Dieter loses his patience.*
*Maouelue’s head drops.*
The one right next to Dieter leans back and looks toward the big man.  A glance passes between the two...
*Frenchy take a few steps nearer to Dieter and makes himself known.*
The man next to Dieter taps his counterpart on the shoulder.  That man proceeds to take the stool he's on and *hurl* it across the room towards the people surrounding the musicians.  Simultaneously, the man next to Dieter tries to grapple him.  (Dexterity check.)

The bar stool connects with more than a half dozen patrons, knocking them down, gouging and bludgeoning people left and right.  The place erupts.  Some people that were thrown out that were hanging around outside come barreling through the door, looking for a fight.  The barkeep and cook work quickly at closing the entrance to the kitchen, locking themselves in.
Pandemonium reigns.  Dieter is grabbed, but slips through the clutch before there is purchase.



BA1 was added to combat with initiative 1d20 (4) + 1 = `5`.
CO1 was added to combat with initiative 3 as part of group True.
BA2 was added to combat with initiative 1d20 (7) + 1 = `8`.
Frenchy was added to combat with initiative 1d20 (7) + 11 = `18`.



*Frenchy kicks out the man who threw the stool, aiming for the back of his knee and attempts to pull him backward.*
Douglas, knowing these guys might be after him next, eyes the door and bolts.  (Since there are a lot of bodies in here, I'm treating it as difficult terrain.  The tavern is roughly 60x40ft, the door, from the PCs, is roughly 40ft away.  Douglas can usually move 30, halved is 15, then with the dash is another 15.)
Douglas claws his way to the front, around flying haymakers and flying bodies.



The far man, unwisely, brings out his scimitar, causing a panic in the area around him.  He swipes out at the wizard, catching his lower leg.

*Dieter channels his memory of the dune grass along the coast of his domain, it seeps up from the floor and grabs the man who flung the stool by the legs.*
The man trying to grab Dieter suddenly sees strange costal grass growing rapidly from between the cracks in the floor.  He dodges out of the way, deftly, but, in doing so, ends up putting more distance between himself and the druid.
The man then looks around.  Seeing he's not near Dieter, he dashes towards Douglas and is hot on his heels.
The crowd is crazed, punches are being thrown, people are stampeding away from the crazy bloke with the sword.  It's utter insanity.
The crowd surges, the pelts are coming left and right.
(Douglas takes 3 points of damage, Dieter 1, Maouelue 6, and the Bad Guys...
... 16 points each, which means...)
You hear several burly men, farmers by the looks of them, call out, "Hey, the heroes need our help!  Everyone, let's get these arseholes!"
The crowd surges again, and then, things seem to calm.  The tavern takes a collective breath, everyone looking around.  Most of the patrons have scattered, save a group of gnarly farmers who don't take no shit.
One of them, a man with leathery skin, tanned from decades in the sun, comes over dragging one of the men, unconscious, by the shirt collar.
"This the one giving you grief, lad?"
"Ha, always!"  He goes around to his pack, pulls out some thick rope, and tosses it to you.  He kneels down, helping you hogtie the man.  The other one, with the scimitar, looks...  rough.
*Dieter has Frenchy and Douglas carry the bloodied man out the door and asks Frenchy to go to the Inn and remove the riches from the mine cart and bring it out to meet them in front of the Pig and Falcon.*
