strange-tensionThe tents are clear, as they were yesterday.  There is nothing that presents itself to either Dieter or Jaecob, but something does catch Muhlen's attention. He approaches the altar at the top of the stairs.
“What is it Jaecob?”
"I'm not sure.  Looks expensive, though!"
As he slowly climbs the gradual steps, he points to a golden alms box underneath the altar table.  At opposite ends of the altar, two skulls of some lizard-like creature stare down at Jaecob as he climbs.  In the center of the table is an egg-shaped object atop a short pedestal.
Dieter climbs the steps and stands next to Jaecob. He peers at the object curiously, taking it in against all he has seen with the tapestries, reliefs, and of course his recent conversation with the spirit Lord.

Dieter can't quite tell what the iconography is meant for, but it is a brilliantly wrought piece.  Solid gold, with very intricate designs.  There is a lock on the front, looks like it would open like a typical chest.  (Perception for more of the area or investigation for traps/locks.)


It's locked but otherwise looks fine to Dieter!  (Sleight of hand for lockpicking, perception check for other things, or investigation if you want anything specific!)

Dieter is wary about the hidden potentials of the strange room and altar. He moves his body in a circular motion sending out radiating sparkles as he speakers the incantation searching for traces of magic here.
The druid gets a few *pings* from the spell.  There is a slight aura around the chest, abjuration magic.  The egg shape on the table has a very strange aura around it, you can't really tell the school of magic, though.  The door on the curved wall has an aura of abjuration magic.  The crystals are also giving off a strange vibe.  Not so much an aura, but something about them is on the cusp of magic.

The piece of metal Dieter finds bends and almost breaks off in the locking mechanism.  He's able to retract it.  Jacob hands you a pair of lockpicks, saying, "Here, these might work a bit better, aye?"
“Thanks. I’ll give em a shot!”
Dieter takes the lockpicks and tries his hand at the chest again.

Jaecob watches as Dieter deftly delves into the locking mechanism again.  This time, with a few quick twists of his wrists, the lock *clicks* open, the latch kicks open in a rush.

A strange beating starts coming from the box.

Jaecob grabs his head, and immediately falls unconscious, slipping from the stairs.
There is a strange clicking mixed in with the beating now.
Dieter dives away to pick up Jaecob and pull him to the relative safety of a tent, watching the chest through the flap with a dreadful anticipation.

Dieter can't tell what is wrong with Jaecob, but he infers that it's probably due to the unlocking of the chest.  The golden boon strands closed, with the beating and clicking still emanating from it.
Dieter takes out his crossbow and fires a bolt a the lid of the chest trying to pry open the top from afar by pushing it up against its hinges.







A few things happen simultaneously.  First, Dieter notices the top to the chest *bump* up.  Second, the druid hears a choking cough come from Jaecob.  Lastly, he sees the bolt *thunk* into the top of the chest, and it flies open...  revealing...

OB1 was added to combat with initiative 1d20 (14) + 3 = `17`.

The slime *flops* out of the chest with a sickening squelch.  An almost humanoid form appears within it as it sloughs its way down the steps towards Dieter and Jaecob.
FL1 was added to combat with initiative 1d20 (17) - 3 = `14`.

Dieter sends out a blast of flame, then picks out a wilting shamrock from his pack and hums an Old Irish Blessing to his bladestaff.


Shelli schlurps over to the ooze and makes a large “Beeeeeaaalk” noise then hits out with her remaining tentacles.




It is not your turn.
The green slime is now glowing, wreathed in flames.  The humanoid figure's eyes are clouded, but it looks furious.


The green goo attaches onto a stalk of Shelli's and Dieter sees the snail shudder.


Dieter brings the fury of the wind blowing through the dunegrass onto the Ooze's head(?) splattering bits of goo everywhere. Startled by her extra gooey stalks, she flails out wildly, battering the Ooze into a pulp even after it capitulates still swinging.
*Splatt* The goo splits all over the floor, splattering the tiles and tents with a green sheen.  The clicking and beating are louder now, coming from the golden box under the altar.
Dieter takes note of the increased volume coming from the altar, but turns instead to Frume, taking note of his condition and trying to bring him around.

Jaecob is unconscious but stable, he's suffering from some magical effect that is not arcane nor deific.  It's unlike anything you've seen before... expect when checking on the crystals.
Dieter considers this then brings a few of the crystals over placing three in a circle around Jaecob.

Dieter takes 1 point of damage as he touches the crystals.  Suddenly, the voices start up again.
"Tie this off, quickly..."
"HOW could they just disappear?..."
"... Should be ready now...."
"...Pretty sure I won that last one..."
"Brains...  BRAINS..."
"There is no way out!"
