strange-tension*The newcomer to the party lays low the last of the lobos locos with a lobotomy of latent lashes.*
*Frenchy moves to flank the black knight, then readies two melee strikes!*


The black knight charges and attacks at Quenchy.



The gritty, scarred man turns back to the black bear and grins a lopsided grin.  Portions of his lips have been sliced off and healed over irregularly, giving him a badly stitch look to his smile.


Another scar slices the man's face, tearing a trench close to the man's ear.
*Maouelue now moves to flank the scarred man.*






Black Bear (Dieter Deleter) removed from combat.
✅ Dieter Deleter removed from all groups.
The grizzly man pushes the newly reformed Dieter into the arms of the waiting black knight.  (Dex save, please!)


The man goes to push, and the druid just slips away.


The visage of Stenchy fades away, to the surprise of the knight and the veteran.  (It'll be three days before Stenchy can be re-mirrored.)

*Feeling the fury of the french flowing through the fletchings on his arrow, he lets fly at the scarred man and waters the soil with his blood.*


The others turn to Quenchy.  They forgot about him...

Dieter knocks away from the grapple by the knight.






2
IR1 was added to combat with initiative 1d20 (12) - 1 = `11`.
The knight looks back at the booming sound.  "To me, monstrosity.  Take these two to the boss!)



*Maouelue runs over to Dieter and fills him with potion.*
Stenchy removed from combat.




The knight *jumps* off his horse towards Dieter, making a sword attack!


"I AM TAKING ONE OF YOU WITH ME!  Dead or alive!  Golem, pick him up!"



*The mage moves north to join Frenchy.*
Quenchy removed from combat.
The creature of iron moves to Dieter, picks him up with one hand and swings him over his shoulder.

*The Frenchman continues to run and gun.*

Maouelue sees the knight move to Dieter, take out a talisman and a blue glow surrounds the two. (Arcana check, please, with advantage.)



He looks back at you and tries to take a pot shot.

"Take him away, golem."
he’s still KO though yeah?




*Seeing his last desperate attempt sail wide, the mage retreats north to Frenchy, regrouping in cover to consider their next move.*
The iron man walks north, with Dieter.
*Frenchy moves to the window and takes a crossbow shot at the monstrosity.*

"Merde!"
*He moves back to the corner of the building.*
Frenchy and Maouelue hunker down to watch the golem.  Suddenly, they hear hoofbeats and see the knight barreling around the corner of the building.
The horse keeps its balance galloping around the corner of the house.  The black knight swirls the sword in his gauntlet and prepares to strike at Maouelue.

*Maouelue drops his shield and holds his sword in both hands.*

"OK then...let's do this properly."



The knight backs his mount a bit, slips off the back, and doffs a potion quickly.
He raises his great sword and waits for an attack.

The golem starts to run...
*Frenchy will give all for his countrymen, and he has come to know Maouelue as one of his own. The blue and white man bleeds red...and so shall this black knight...*



"Pour les enfaaaaaaaaantsssss!!!"

"This will only end one way, mage."
"Looks like it's just you...<*spits*>...and me..."

"Come. Meet the light."





"Shit!  Stop your tricks, dammit!"
"Meet the lord."




The black knight is struggling, breathing heavily.

*Maouelue pulls his blade back, mutters a word of cleansing, then thrusts it clear through the Black Knight's gorget, crimson blood spilling over the blackened, burnished plate armor and into the pleats of his greaves.*
The knight coughs up blood.
*Maouelue is all adrenaline and zeal. He surveys the mass carnage surrounding him and suppresses a spiritual retch. He is nearly at a loss for what to try and make sense of first, when his mind turns sharply to Dieter. He spins around and tries to perceive the fleeing monstrosity.*

Maouelue remember them going north, but nothing from that.  He can't see them at this time.


*Maouelue quickly pours a potion down Frenchy's throat and brings him to consciousness.*
As you both move to look over the remains...
The black knight's body twitches.  Suddenly, he pulls his legs in, pushes slowly off the ground, and gets to his feet.  A blue light is emanating from a locket around his neck.  "You're going to have to do better than that, wizard."

The black knight takes off his helm and throws it off to the side.  Maouelue sees another familiar face, although he has only seen it briefly.  The last he saw it, the man was unconscious and being hauled down a hole in the middle of Oakhurst.
Bazad Dunnol, which you now know as Bazad Muhlen, stares down Maouelue, breathing heavily and tightening his grips on his swords.
"It wasn't supposed to be like this!" he yells at the mage.  "You were supposed to join us!  You were supposed to help!  Instead you ruined everything."
