strange-tension*Maouelue, nonplussed, leads the group back out the door and around to find another way across the trapped room.*
Besides jumping over the trapped floor, there is the diagonal hallway to the S.
*They take the diagonal hall back into the 4-way room and look to go through the manacle room. They also want to slice all the manacles down if possible.*
As the group travels down the length of hallway, with Maouelue and Dieter's passive perception, they catch sight of an irregularity in the floor.
*They check it out.*
There is a mesh covering cleverly disguised as a false floor.  It covers a pit filled with spikes.  Bones litter the floor below.  The pit is five feet across.
“Oi that’s a bit of a jump!”, the Druid remarks.


"Nice one metal man!"

*Dieter is in all honesty a bit appalled by the sheer amount of alloy accompanying his accomplice of late*
Frume and Dieter hop over, while Maouelue checks the trajectory.  He hops, but not quite far enough.  His metal boots slip on the very edge of the pit, causing him to slip backward...

With a deft hand (and an *only* hand), Frume reaches out to steady the Dragon Mage, ushering him to safety. 

The group continues around the path, eventually making their way past the manacles and into the hall where they could go out to the crevasse, or to the seemingly unnaturally dark room.
*They move left away from the crevasse.*
The room they approach is pure darkness.  No light penetrates it. (Perception at dis for everyone.)



Everyone hugs the wall and moves through the darkness.  After a few steps, everyone hears a low snarl.  No one can tell the direction the snarl is coming from.
*Dieter snarls back. He’s itching for a fight by now.*
*He touches his ring.*
*The wizard’s gauntlets glow blue as he slings his shield over his back, drawing his sword with two hands.*
*He takes a moment to slip on a fancy ring as well.*
The snarl mixes with a squelching sound, the sound of something moving through muck.  
It stops suddenly, both the snarling and the sloughing.
No noise can be heard, the darkness feels like it's pressing in.

Nothing shows as a secret door, the darkness does not dissipate.  Frume suggests, "Let's keep going, lads.  Follow the wall.  We should be able to get out of this soon."
*They push on down the hall taking care to hug the wall and watch their footing. Dieter uses his staff to tap the way ahead.*
*The three push up through the hallway to see around the corners.*
As the three move through the darkness, they're able to make out a T hall connecting to their tunnel.  They move down the row, when suddenly...

A black tentacle *snaps* at Frume at the rear of the group.  He just steps out of the way of the greasy appendage.  Two more come out of the darkness, with a high pitched squeal accompanying it!





As Frume dodges one, *three* more extend from the darkness, attach themselves to each of the adventurers, and start slowly pulling them back to the blank void!

DA1 was added to combat with initiative 1d20 (11) + 1 = `12`.


"Shite, shite, shite!  Not again!!!"
Target darkmantle not found.

The tentacle dragging Frume back is sliced through, he rolls off to the side to try and cut at one of the other's..

His sword slices through Dieters, they both roll away.

Reeling from two of it's appendages being sliced off, it cannot successfully bring Maouelue any closer.




It is not your turn.
As the last tentacle is sliced through and Maouelue is freed, Frume starts running to the end of the hall.  "Let's leave this monster, lads.  We stung it well, it shan't follow us now."  
(Quick point of order, any range attacks at the thing would be at disadvantage because it's in darkness.)


Tentacles flip around the druid, but he side-steps them easily.  Suddenly, a *large* tentacle emerges from the middle of the mire.  It wraps itself around the armored mage and starts sliding it, again, towards the darkness.




*Maouelue takes a frenzied slash with his sword in one hand, hoping to his some part of the beast. he strikes it hard in the torso. His blade seems to dissipate followed by his body. He materializes next to Frume!*


*The druid swings wildly, hitting nothing.*
Frume peeks from around the corner...
Hanging his head, he runs and stabs at the huge tentacle still wrapped around the mage.


With a shriek, the tentacle releases Maouelue.  Partially severed, it flops erratically as it is reeled back into the darkness.
[200 xp]


*The group moves ahead and around to the left.*
This hall is familiar, although it was seen from the opposite side before.  Just as Frume is about to step on the raised floor tiles, Dieter pulls him back.
"Thank ye, lad.  Too busy looking at that."
