strange-tension*Mhaor’isel Ghaatiil... Could it really be?*

A thrill of apprehension and starlight seem to both invigorate and rivet the mage on the spot. What could have led him here at this moment? The strings of lore  tug at the very sinews of Maouelue’s body as he moves back to the group. 

“We must tread carefully here. While my heart yearns to see and connect to the draconian mysteries here, my head pushes, may, pulls me away. Let us go around here to the South, through the mushroom Room. The Mush Room. The Shh Room. Let us be very very quiet...”

*The mage’s voice reverberates to a halt among the silent cohort.*
Benna and Bellatrix look relieved, they weren't able to get very far with the door's magic.  Daran look pensive.  All gather their things and follow Maouelue.  

As the group travels back to the entrance hall, they can see the other door they were opposite of to the N of them.  Over time, the mushrooms toxicity must have eaten away the stone enough to allow for passages through this underground edifice.  The remaining hallway curves around to the S, and the group take the passage until they come to a choice.  Three doors are before them.  One right in front of the group, on the E wall, another one farther S on the same wall, then the hall ends in another door.
They take a listen at the near door and Maouelue tests its lock.



There are a couple spells that could open or suppress the lock, but their names are eluding you.  You can try to break it down, but the magic makes the door stronger, thus tougher to break.
"Bahamut, be my guide!"

"Blast...This is where my faith and devotion leave me. Cold, ensconced at the bottom of a frozen mountain!"
Maouelue picks up the Mace of Reduction and whispers a few words to it.
*"Don't fail me like last time now...."*

*Wham!*
He smashes the mace against the door.
Maouelue swings the mace towards the door, but before it hits, a pink glow surrounds the door and stops the weapon from touching it.
Belllatrix asks, "What's happening?  Can we help?"
Benna meanders over to the door to check things out.
"I'm just trying to open this bloody door..."

"But as you can see...."

"It's warded..."
The women can't seem to figure out the door's secret either.  Bellatrix says, "I could throw a dispel magic at it, see if that works?"
“Please do m’lady”
She gives Maouelue a wry, flirty smile.  Then she raises her hands and closes her eyes.   Bowing her head, she recites some words in a strange dialect.  Blue sparks erupt from her rotating hands.  They mix and spark against the pink glow.  As the two colors grow brighter, they have their own battle against the door.  A sharp crackle, sizzle, then a pop of light sends both colors fading away.  All watch as the door knob turns slowly.  With a soft *click*, the door opens inward.
Darkness greets the foursome.  A small sound comes from the back of Bellatrix's throat and she retreats to the other side of the hallway, shaken.  Daran peeks around the corner of the doorway.  "Want me to head in first?  I can see pretty well in the dark."
(Perception check, please!)

The room is dusty and dank, smelling of mildew and old rot.  A large pile of bones is piled up against the far wall.  Nothing stirs.
Maouelue inspects what kind of bones they might be.
Maouelue enters the eerie room, followed close behind by Daran.  The women stay in the hall, Bellatrix peers through the doorway.  (Investigation check, with advantage, please!)

The mage sifts through the slimy, mold-covered bones.  skulls, ribs, femurs, ulnas, a plethora of tarsals and metacarpals are heaped together.  After a few moments and careful study both Maouelue and Daran notice something...  shift.  A bone vibrates off to the side, close to the N wall.  Then two, three, four start to shiver and some start to move, connecting together.  The group hears the clicks and rattles of bones knitting themselves together until, in front of them stands...

BO1 was added to combat with initiative 1d20 (19) + 3 = `22`.

Bellatrix was added to combat with initiative 1d20 (12) + 2 = `14`.
Benna was added to combat with initiative 1d20 (2) + 2 = `4`.



The bone monstrosity hisses as it misses the mage.  The sting does some serious damage to Daran, who reels from the poison hit.


"Die, fell beast!"  He spits some green-tinged saliva at the monster.


Also, i'm on compy so if you wannna throw on some dungeoney music i'm down)














Benna swears.


*Hiss hisssss*
"If I stay here, I'm going to fall to this thing!"  Daran moves back to the doorway, leaving the Dragon Mage up front with the bone beast.

*Whoosh*
"Daran!"
Daran kneels and draws his bow.

The witch begins to weave a dark mandala around herself as she dances leaving traces of sanguine shadow in the wake of her twirling limbs. A mimicked form, inverted in color, wisps into existence above the monstrous skull, binding itself to the joints and decrepit sinew of the animated cadaver.
[Blood Witch Dance]
[DC 15 CHA SV]
The witch *forces* the skeletal beast to crawl its way (Blair Witch style) down into the Northeast corner of the room.


The monster laughs as the magical fire blasts it, then dissipates.

"Wait! What *was* that thing?"

*He plods over to inspect the remains.*
Fierce blue eyes peer across at the undead.

"Come on then now... Let's do this."
*Hisssss*


*The mage lets out a steamy Sylvan breath, cold into the room.*
Maouelue digs his heels in, coated in the sparkling sheen of the divine magic. 

"Come on then."

Benna swears again.
