strange-tension"Pull up a stump."  He has started the kindling on fire and is starting to put larger sticks on.  His pack is open and there are utensils out, a few packages of things, and there are two small rabbits trimmed and ready to be cooked.
"Thanks.... Do you come from these parts Daran?  You seem well traveled."
"Oh, well," he cracks more sticks ands adds them to the burgeoning fire.  "Been here, been there.  Been living south of here for quite a number of years.  Thundertree, if you ken of it.  Most of it's overrun now.  You ever cooked coney?"  He pulls out a small cookpan.
"I've mainly stayed with flora rather than fauna over the years, but those do look delectable. Thundertree you say? Sounds familiar, but I can't be sure. Do you happen to have a map you could point it out with?"
"Also, if you're familiar with these parts, have you seen this place?"
*He holds out the veteran's second map.*
He chuckles.  "This is...  bad.  This is chicken scratch!  Let me see..."  He pours over it, scratching his chin.  (Perception check, please!)

He seems very old, his face only shows very thin stubble.  And his ears are just the slightest bit enlongated with a point to their tips.
"Im sorry, son, can't help you with that map.  Heres the one I have."  And he pulls out a fairly well taken care of and updated map of the Sword Coast North.  Thundertree is on the southern side of the Neverwinter River, just to the West of the Neverwinter Wood.
"I am familiar with this area.  What are you looking for?"
"Well.." 

*He takes another look at the pointed ears.*

"The short of it is, my brother in arms has been taken by a monstrosity into the clutches of a thug lord of some sort. They came from the North. Have you seen any of these brigands riding about? And do you know of any stables in the area?"
"Oakhurst is probably the best, to the north there.  But I do know the brigands you're speaking of.  A monstrosity, you say? That big iron man?  You say it took your friend?  You sure he isn't dead?  Pardon my asking, don't mean to be so forward."  He looks intense as hes asking the questions, then abashed as he realizes its about your friend.
"Agh...Oakhurst...where it all started. Honestly I don't know if he's dead, but they did something to stabilize him before they left. It seemed they wanted him alive for...something."
*Maouelue thinks back to the mounts they left outside the manor.*
"Tell me, would you accompany me as a scout back toward Oakhurst? I'm sorry to be so abrupt, it's just...I fear time is not on our side. My companion and I left some horses by the old manor house the other day. Surely they've found their way back to the stables by now, but perhaps not...One way or another, I need to speak to Vam and Heston. Pray, come with me and tell me of these brigands on the way."
He roasts the rabbits, tosses them a bit, then moves one to his plate, offers you the pan.  He seems deep in thought.  After a couple bites he brings out hardtack, offers you a bit.  

"I can travel to Oakhurst, sure.  I'll tell you what I know about the brutes too.  But you can count those horses as losses.  Whole area around that old manor is home base for those brigands."
"Thank you, and I feared that might be the case. Damn...I will be loath to mention this to Vam... To be honest, I would love to get away from all this madness and go see the coast with my friend, yet...I seem pulled back, ever pulled back by these brutes. I must take this business to its resolution."
"I won't rush you, you've been over kind already, but it will be good to have a companion on the road."
The ranger nods and finishes with his meal, deep in contemplation.  The meal ends, you both clean up and break the site down.  Daran is particular to not leave any traces of either of your presence, so he takes some extra time fixing the scene to dissuade animals or other people from trying to follow any tracks.  When he finishes, he nods to Lumao, then hefts his pack and head NW, along the bank of the stream.
"It's better that we're on this side of the river, the thugs are doing random checks for groups travelling.  Since they know your face, it' probably a good idea to use something to change your appearance as much as possible.  I'm okay in the use of camouflage, but if you have any ideas, I'd suggest we try them first, maybe."



*Lumao seems to waver in the morning light, his armor turning into a hunter’s jerkin and his face tuning into that of a older half-elf woman.*
*He stows his trademark weaponry in favor of daggers and a heavy crossbow.*
*A few prismatic traces linger on the edges as the slender form comes round. A bevy of golden white hair tumbles and gradually comes to a rest as the last of the light pierces out from the eyes. There are a few scars here and there upon her face, befitting the  nomadic look, but under the all-but-transparent crow’s feet there is a luminous beauty radiating under the skin. A sadness of long life, but a joy of constant rebirth.*
"That'll...  Um...  yeah.  That'll do."  Flustered a bit, the ranger remembers himself and continues, stoically, down the road.  "Now's as good a time as any to discuss the bastards over at the old mansion.  You start, maybe I can fill in the gaps."
