strange-tension... and sees a massive wall of ice.  Inside the block are beings, seemingly frozen in stasis.  The far side of the block can be seen, but just vaguely.  The block looks to be several feet thick.
He looks to see if there is a way around to see it from all sides.
The only areas are the halls he's seen.  Nothing backs around to the other side.
He puts his hand to the ice and wipes away the rime, trying to see more clearly what, or whom lies within.

Maouelue looks into the depths of the ice block, peering into the miasma that becomes clearer and clearer the deeper he goes.  Bones, bits of armor, various weapons, body parts...  all suspended in the ice...  or...  it looks strange, now.  The mage moves back and forth along the length of the blockage, sussing out the contents.  There are definitive striations, vertical markings where it looks like the ice might have frozen against something.... an invisible wall of sorts.  This striation is on both sides, six feet or so from the edge of the side walls.  There doesn't seem to be horizontal striations, but the vertical definitely stand out as he moves across the surface of the ice wall.
Maouelue shudder, privately praying that he doesn't end up a disembodied array of items frozen in that mass of ice. He moves back around to the Giant Room.

The room is sparse, the only furnishing is the frozen giant.  The door on the E side of the room is made of pure solid metal, something very fine (investigation check for material).  The base of the giant is frosted over, but it looks to Maouelue like there's a small plaque near the base.  There are words on the plaque, giant markings, but only the first few words and letters can be seen.  The rest are obscured by ice.
He investigates the door material then tries to wipe away the ice obscuring the letters.

“That’s pretty metal.”
Can't quite tell what the door is made of.  It's definitely not made of ice, though.
The ice on the statue base will have to be removed for Maouelue to read/make sense of it.  (Mao speaks Giant, right?)
*"... m a giant, an anci..."*
He takes out his knife and begins to scratch away at the icy covering, trying to reveal the rest.
Maouleue looks up at the king’s necklace, seeing just what these *jewels* might be.
There is no necklace on the giant.  He wears no crown, either.  Just bulky armor.
He takes out the mace, thinking to crack through the remaining ice, but takes a moment to inspect the Giant’s shield and insignia.


The shield is of exceptional make and quality.  As is the armor and the great-axe at the giant's side.  The rimed shield does have a raised insignia, a series of runes that identify him as a bard of the frost giant ordning, who have a major place in frost giant society.  Unlike traditional bards, frost giant bards are specifically runesmiths.  Some of the runes lining the perimeter of the shield give Maouelue a twinge, but he can't put a finger on how he recognizes them.
Maouelue pulls out his book of drawings and etchings comparing the runes to the Runemark and others he took down in the Muhlen Vault.
A *lot* of them match up.  Most of them, in fact.
“Dieter should be here...” *sigh*
*Friend.* The Dragon mage utters in the Giant tongue.
It stands solid and frozen in place.  No reaction.
“Psh...works in all the old stories...” he adds petulantly.
“*I bet Snarr would have gotten it...*” he jibes.
Considering again, he thinks back to the line about the jewels around the neck. He cajoles Elkamigo over and remounts to get a better look at the top of the Giant form and to peer down inside the armor plate.
Elkamigo allows the heavy mage hop upon it's huge back, but Maouelue doesn't see any 'jewels' or anything of the like around the frost giant's neck.
“Well, I didn’t want to do this...but...”
He thinks a moment, “Back up Elkamigo.”
He hops down and shoots a stream of flame at the placard.

“Tree.”
Maouelue speaks the word, the giant word resounds around the room, and the air feels like it is being drawn away.  To the E, the polished metal doors move inward, slowly, scraping against the frozen floor.  An odd green glow comes from within the room.
Maouelue turns to meet the glow, the steel and platinum of his armor iridescent in reflection. He approaches the precipice and peers in.
