strange-tensionMaouelue, as he's finding a way down, hears scurrying and squeaking.
Silently he commands the bat to swoop and follow the sounds.
The bat easily finds the sounds...  At the edges of the cavern, seemingly coming out of nowhere, are...

Several bunches of these are scurrying hither and thither.  (Nature check, with advantage, please!)


Bellatrix leans over and says, "There are a lot of those in the caves around my home.  I believe they're called...  mudrats."
Daran yells over to Maouelue, "Are we trying a rope to climb down, or is there a way to the floor with out it?"

Daran, the last in line, feeds a rope through the group.  Maouelue takes it, ties it around himself, and is able to find some footholds down.  The rest of the group -

Are able to make it down, Bellatrix and Benna having a bit of a tougher time with the footholds, but really relying on the anchored rope between Daran and Maouelue.  Once on the ground, the group gets a closer look at the mudrats.
Nasty creatures, some only a foot long, others up to three feet.  Scrawny, nearly skin and bone, they all look ravenous, but are extremely dazed by the gem's light and do no come closer to the group than twenty feet outside of the dim light range, 60ft from the gem.

@Russell
Rolling 2 iterations...
1d20 (2) = `2`
1d20 (17) = `17`
19 total.

When the group looks around the cavern, they hear water dripping, can actually hear water moving somewhere in the distance.  The light doesn't shine into the edges, but as the four carefully traverse the ground, they can map out an irregular circular, nearly spherical, cave.  Almost directly opposite from the cracked pass, there is another crevasse, this one is big enough to fit two people side-by-side.  It is also hewn from the rock by water; a small stream meanders through the middle of this passage, downward, farther into the solid rock.  Just in front of this cavern, Maouelue sees something glinting in the gem-light.  A couple things, actually.
The remains of a makeshift campsite is present.  There is a metallic banner or pennant, ripped to ribbons, reflecting the light of the gem.  There is also a backpack leaning against a rock nearby.
Maouelue checks around for clues as to how recently this campsite was occupied.

The campsite is quite old.  There is a name sewn into the top flap of the pack.  It is Rick.  There is nothing in there except a single fork.
With a silent word, he sends Fammy the Bat flying deeper into the crevasse in front of them while taking note of the direction of the water’s flow.
The water is flowing down the route. but it only takes up a small potion of the passage floor.  Fammy is able to see the twists and turns, cut-backs and occasional drops up to the length of the telepathic bond.
Maouelue snatches Rick’s fork and begins to tread into the primal cavern.
Turning back a moment he zips up current and falls to his knees. He picks up Rick’s stash, then dangles it from one arm as he heads back into the gap in the walls of the cave.
“Keep an eye out for mudrats.”
“And watch your footwear in here. It’s getting wet.”
Everyone's head is on a swivel as the progress into the passage.  Daran is in the rear, checking for flankers.  And mudrats.  (Perception checks, please!)

The metal mage finds that, the further he goes into the tunnel, the hotter it is getting.
Soon, there is a branch that backtracks and adds another stream going downward.  There are sections that have a few feet drops, there are areas that meander, seemingly cutting back.  The whole time, though, the group has been walking with the stream, always downhill.
Finally, the passage opens up wider to a 20x20 tunnel.
A hundred feet further down the path, the crew hears sound of rushing water.
“Some caves these!”
Fammy flies ahead to check it out.
The end of the tunnel looks out over an irregularly shaped cavern, this time with a much larger drop.  Several openings throughout the area have water pouring into a massive pool on the bottom of the cave.  Fammy senses a few things in the water, but can't make out what they are.  Plus, there is steam rising up from the water below.  Which is different, because the water you've been travelling with has been cold.  Stalactites and stalagmites abound in the system, and just before the telepathy gives out, Fammy can see the cave actually dog-legs into a completely new section further on.  It could go on for quite a bit further in that direction, and the rushing water seems to get louder in that direction, too.
Maouleue looks at the group, offering his hand and focusing on Bella.

“Do you trust me?”
She looks at Maouelue.  "What, do you have a magic carpet?"
(Roll20 is up!)
He takes her hand and shouts to the others, “Jump!!!”, then leaping off and pulling Bella with him!

Benna cackles all the way down, Bellatrix is laughing, completely trusting and at ease with Maouelue's leadership.  Daran... is along for the ride.  A small *splash* happens as the four enter the water.

