strange-tensionWO1 was added to combat with initiative 1d20 (17) + 1 = `18`.
WO2 was added to combat with initiative 1d20 (18) + 1 = `19`.
WO3 was added to combat with initiative 1d20 (11) + 1 = `12`.
WO4 was added to combat with initiative 1d20 (14) + 1 = `15`.
WO5 was added to combat with initiative 1d20 (9) + 1 = `10`.
WO6 was added to combat with initiative 1d20 (5) + 1 = `6`.
WO1 removed from combat.
WO2 removed from combat.
All effects removed from WO3.
All effects removed from WO4.
WO3 removed from combat.
WO4 removed from combat.
WO5 removed from combat.
WO6 removed from combat.
2
WO1 was added to combat with initiative 13 as part of group Worgs!.
WO2 was added to combat with initiative 13 as part of group Worgs!.
WO3 was added to combat with initiative 13 as part of group Worgs!.
WO4 was added to combat with initiative 13 as part of group Worgs!.
WO5 was added to combat with initiative 13 as part of group Worgs!.
WO6 was added to combat with initiative 13 as part of group Worgs!.
5
OG1 was added to combat with initiative 19 as part of group Ogres.
OG2 was added to combat with initiative 19 as part of group Ogres.
Goblin was added to combat with initiative 1d20 (12) + 0 = `12`.
Added note.
Added note.
Goblin removed from combat.
Goblin Siege Weapon was added to combat with initiative 1d20 (9) + 0 = `9`.

They're running this round, no range weapons.

Daran gets riddled with arrows, and screams!  "We need to get the hello out of here.  NOW!"

They're running!
Continuing his spinning atomic motions, the air around Maouelue begins to coalesce in icy snowflakes that begin forming into a spiral of snowballs interlocked with the metallicomets. They all shoot forth together, pelting their targets one after the other!





He fleets backward now drawing on their forces as a kite on a string. 

“Come now friends, loose and leash! We must fire and flee! Nock and flock!”
The strange wagon weapon trundles forward, coughing fumes.  The goblins are jumping and raising hell on it.  The ogres are trundling forward, lagging behind the wagon.  The worgs are getting pretty close, though.
The eladrin has sat down on the ground, though.
An aura of blue surrounds him.  Maouelue and Daran have just noticed him.  Daran looks at Maouelue.  "We can't leave him, can we?"
Still running!



GO25 removed from combat.
Daran's arrow goes directly through the eye of the lead worg, throwing the goblin rider and kills it.
Maoulue pelts out at the injured ogre with a comet...

It glances off the side of the ogre's hip as it's batted away by the goblin riding its back.


Maouelue's meteorites careen into the center of the goblin wagon.  Suddenly, all nine of the metal balls coalesce and they EXPLODE, sending several of the goblins scattering, killing a few more.
"Strange magics at work here in this feywild, but hey...I'll take it. Might as well try that again and see what happens!"






GO10 removed from combat.
GO14 removed from combat.
GO19 removed from combat.
GO20 removed from combat.
*Another* ball shatters, spraying goblins everywhere.
Maouelue continues apace trying to keep the goblins at a distance.
A click, and a large flaming ball or garbage comes flying out of the back of the wagon!
(Dex save, please!  DC 14)


*Still* running.  Be there next round!



Target orges not found.

Daran winks and winces at Maouelue. "Just had to get them in range."



As the incoming stampede of worgs tramples up to the party, one lunges at Maouelue, the mage weaving deftly as a translucent shield of blue light forms around his sphere of comets, deflecting the incoming attack. The mage is fully alight now, waning, but standing firm against fel foes of the fae forest.


He throws out another barrage of empowered metallicomets, this time back again at the ogres.



"BRING HIM DOWN!!"
The orge *slams* into the ground, the goblin on it's shoulder is already dead.
Three streaks of platinum starlight fly across the battlefield pinging out shoulder, shoulder, and heart in quick succession, freezing the giant as it falls with its dead rider.
Maouelue turns his focus quickly to the surrounding beasts.

Target WO1 not found.


Maouelue tosses the sleep spell out and Wo3 drops to the ground.   The others keep fighting, though.
The metal mage, shielded in starlight, pulls away from his foes as he knocks one out with his magic. He tries to lure the horde away from his fleeing friends.

The one remaining worg on Mao bites and tries to follow him.
The siege wagon is coming in hard.  Before it reaches the group, the eladrin shouts, "HANG ON!"


"NOOOO!!!" the eladrin screams.  He disappears from the woods.


Daran yells, "DAMN. Maouelue, stay with me!"
This ogre is looking around and, seeing the dead, decides to flee...
OG2 removed from combat.

Daran parries!
Daran rushes to the Dragon Mage and pours a greater healing potion down his gullet.
Choking and spluttering a decent amount of the liquid across his chestguard as his friend revives him, Maouelue comes to.





"No! Daran! Not you now!"


"Hear me Daran, Rise and FIGHT!"

A strange blue light comes into Daran's body, and bolster's him.

Effect Shielded by Faith removed from Daran Edermath.






WO3 removed from combat.
The barrage of icy destruction falls down upon the feral attacking creatures with streaks of light mimicking that which leaks through the canopy above.
