strange-tensionComing to and frowning at the newfound crick in his neck, Dieter Deleter blinks open and awake. A powerful feeling of refreshment flows over him.  Sometimes when you finally allow yourself lay down after a long hard push, your body starts making the decisions for you. So it was now with the Druid, who wincing slightly as he attempts to arise, begins to reckon with all that has happened so far…
…and all that lies ahead.
He looks over at the others, his weird new brood of ragtag braun, schlurp, and hop, now in the winter hours of their repose. Lord knows what devilish things await them on this never-ending day-night in the Sunless Citadel. 

The shapeshifter’s hand idly runs over a frail page of parchment and he draws a breath. He takes a moment now  to recall his readings, as he is reminded of their matters, or at least those he had perused before succumbing to capitulation.
@Russell
Rolling 2 iterations...
1d100 (62) = `62`
1d100 (16) = `16`
78 total.
The darkness had encompassed them after hours of reading and study.  The two humans went through a treasure trove of books and manuscripts, most all pertaining to the anatomy and physiology of  and their ilk.  There were three, however, in their perusal of the library/laboratory that stood out as unique.  

The first, a broad leather bound behemoth, was entitled "Elder Evils' Encyclopedia", with golden scoll-work on the front.  Some of it's pages were ripped and it looked to be, toward the end, complete nonsense.  As if someone went mad while writing it.  

The second, a neat volume titled "Those That Came Before; An Overview of Extinct Magical Traditions and What We Can Learn from Them" was mainly a collection of notes from a peculiar wizard, all tied together.  The thoughts were chaotic and tough to follow.  

Last, there was a story of fables.  One fable, in fact.  "The Lives and Lies of Aefir Nightseeker".  Jaecob had just begun to read this when he succumbed to sleep.
Curious and refreshed, Dieter reaches over to pick up the fables from Jaecob, taking care not to disturb his slumber. In his many harrowing years, the druid had learned well the power of waking oneself rather than being woken. He peruses the pages with interest. Aefir Nightseeker...that name has a familiar ring to it, he muses...
A good amount of lore can be found in the book.  Some of which was already known to Dieter, having grown up on the Sword Coast.  There is the tale of Nightseeker going through the trials and finding the Eye of Darkness; the story of him battling the Shadow Dragon of Mhaor'isel Ghaatiil;  tales of him and his brother traversing the planes, adventuring and making names for themselves.  Some of the book, the front page and several at the back, are written in a very strange script which gives Dieter some trouble (does Dieter speak sylvan?  If not, intelligence check to interpret).   

One story sticks out as being important, it is dogeared several times over almost to the point of losing the top corner of the page.  It begins as Aefir finds the Eye of Darkness.  He is visited soon after by two beings - one a massive, red skinned behemoth with curling horns on his head and goat legs.  Standing over 20 feet tall, he looked down upon the eladrin with severity.  The second, however, was another red skinned man, horns curling back from his head as well, but standing just as tall as Aefir, he did not intimidate the elf.  The behemoth, seeing he was not making a good impression on Aefir, ushered the smaller man to go forward.  The smaller man was dressed impeccably in simple peasant clothing, but had on a beautiful black riding cloak.  He doffed a wide brimmed hat with a large, garish feather in the brim, and bowed low to Aefir.  The red man's dark black hair whipping in a breeze, had a tracing of facial hair around his jawline and around his mouth, but everything was neat and trimmed - one would even say... perfect.  The man comes up from his bow smiling, white teeth glinting.  

The man goes on to explain that they were inquiring about the new item Aefir had just taken.  They didn't want it, they just wanted to know of the young elf's plans.
