strange-tensionHer eyes go fully black, but in the reflection of ice and platinum, they somehow gleam a holy white, strange swirling marbles of all shades of grey. Bella's time has come. She takes the platinum and coughs forth dark blood encrusting her mouth from her recent bouts with death. The blackness coats the coins as she begins a foul incantation, flaring her arms and skirts in all directions, gesticulating like the undulating nethers of an earth goddess with both the power to give and take life, the cold hard reality of the universe flowing from her loins and running the length of the stairs, past the Pale Prince and taking root in the far northeast corner of the room. A desperate, dark web of runic vines begin to form from the material of the coins, shattering them and engulfing the prince and his bubble in a Circle of Death!

With this, she falls back down the stairs and collapses in a heap next to her prone sister. One eye toward the ground in utter darkness, the other raised and reflecting fully, the shining white light.
It is not your turn.

Pain wracks the emaciated body lying on the ground.  As Bellatrix falls, the Prince's body flops in silent horror as black shadows cover him and sap his life force.  Bloody and bruised, he rises within the sphere, his supposed safeguard, and looks from the wolf to Maouelue, then back again.  His hand swipes blood from his chin, he regards it.
"Choices, choices.  Always choices.  Should I leave you with the pain I am in?   Or take you away from your material coil?  You and your furry companion.  What would twist the knife more?  What would make you look back on this moment and realize...  you and I are not so different.  We're almost the same person.  When you think about it..."
He taps the staff on the ground and a ripple runs through the floor, straight at the two sisters...

Knives of ice protrude from the castle floor, impaling the women and rising them into the air.  The Pale Prince looks on, unfeeling.
It is not your turn.
-name was added to combat with initiative 1d20 (**20**) + 15 = `35`.
-name removed from combat.
Maouelue takes in the  chaos surrounding him, death, decay, sadness. For a moment his mind flickers to a Black Dragonborn, flying high on eagle’s back screaming into an unnatural storm. His vision returns to his love, his *family*...he sees, is it an illusion? Douglas...Culver...Briffo...

“Starlight strike true!”

The magical bow seems to draw in all of the spectres as Maouelue does the string, it’s very wood grain glistening a pearlescent aura, blinding. As he releases the nocked arrow, all of the light from the bow and room together  streams into it, tracing across the room in a trail of stardust. The pitiful Prince’s darkness complete, he sees not his fate arriving. It strikes in the hollowest point of his decrepit being, the heart, piercing the failing globe, whistling an ancient dragonsong in the shimmering acoustics of the room, holy overtones of divine retribution singing the end of this pestilential source. As the arrow strikes, all becomes silent. A low howl begins to swirl and erupt from the deep recesses beneath the frozen facade, wretched now in the gloom, sundering the very ground beneath him as he falls, shattering into a million icy crystals, melding with the frost around him.
There is a massive creaking sound as the Prince first falls, then shatters.  A definitive chill seems to lift, warmth coming back into the chamber from some unseen source.
The ice knives holding the sisters melt into the floor, releasing their bodies to the ground.
A long low breath releases from the very depths of Maouelue’s diaphragm, one he had perhaps been holding their entire time in the Feywild. An ancient anxiety, at last quelled and resolved. He takes a moment to recover himself, then dashes to the unconscious sisters and begins applying his life sustaining magicks to stabilize them.

(Wow!  Epic fight, brother!  Almost had you there a couple times 🙂
[10,575 xp]





The cracking sounds resound around the cavernous room.  The source seems to be coming from under the trio.  Also, the crystalline object at the head of the room is starting to melt, uncovering a onyx black gem under the frost.


Maouelue quickly ministers some rudimentary aid and sloughs the ladies up onto Jerry’s back before moving briskly to retrieve the gemstone. 

“Take care of them Jerry! We’ll be moving on in just a moment.”
Maouelue moves closer to the onyx gem, and it is as large if not larger than himself.  Standing 7 feet tall, about 3 feet wide, and jagged all over, it looks to be more than the mage can handle, physically.  (Arcana and history checks, please!)


Stress and concern for his friends overwhelms Maouelue's senses, closing him off from his arcane wisdom, however he does remember two things in the tumult - Aenier requested the crystal be destroyed, and there is supposed to be a portal in this room that links to the throne room of the Queen of Air and Darkness.
Maouelue, not quite ready for such an encounter, moves back to his direly injured friends and priorities their well-being for the moment. He works with Jerry to take them back downstairs to the tree room, also curious about its condition now the Prince’s magic has been rent.
The wolf deftly maneuvers the spiral stairs, knowing the precious cargo on his back. At the bottom of the staircase, the frozen frost giant has toppled, leaving bits of giant scattered hither and yon.   The base is still intact, and there is a trapdoor where the giant would be standing.  In the tree room, the massive limbs are thawing, ice water is dripping from the trunk in thick rivulets, pooling on the stone floor.  The floor, Maouelue notices, is lined with small cracks and s lacking much of it's frost rime.  The castle shakes again, ominously.
