strange-tension"Mercenaries...*Fight for a cause, but don't die for it...* That's how the saying goes, right?," He considers a moment. "Well, I'm no stranger to a bit of loot lust either, but I won't forsake my companions." His eyes turn to Culver. "We must do something about him. What's his part in all this. That's where it all started for Maouelue and me. I would see our rescue completed if such a cause be just."
Frume looks over at the lump on the bed.  He sucks his teeth, considering.  "The old man has taken a beating, that's for sure.  But don't you worry yourself about it, he wasn't taken on your account.  Word around the water barrel is that he owed the boss some money, decided to renege on his side of the bargain.  Him meeting you boys was incidental at best.  The boss decided to use his disappearance to lure you both, that's about all.  He'll come around soon, hopefully.  You good with leaving him here if we have to?"
Dieter agonizes over this a moment. "I suppose we've gotten in enough trouble on his account already. Aye, we'll leave him if needs be. But, it sounds like this Boss has a comeuppance in his future...I'll make sure of that."
Frume shrugs and sits back down on his dingy cot.  The mildew smell is quite strong and he coughs, spits into an empty corner of the room.  "So, did you find out more about that bastard Muhlen?  Any more tricks up his sleeve in that goblin infested hovel he called a vault?"
"More than a few tricks indeed. I'm not sure if we found more of his after you...did you run or were you taken?...I suppose it matters little at this point. We forged a bit of our own fortune down there, then sought sanctuary above. Only to find...well, I guess you know that part now."
"I have a question though...what in the bloody hells happened to my power down here?"
"Ah, right.  To be true, I was...  recalled.  Had to leave you boys, didn't want to, but when you're compelled...  Nothing much you can do, eh?  As for the magics down here.  We're in some sort of prison complex.  It's pretty vast, but it has a lot of secrets, as I showed you there."  Points at the exit.  "Well, it seems that this prison was set up for spell casters and magic users of all types.  My guess, we're in an anti-magic shell.  Or maybe there's a mythallar somewhere around, but you best pray that's not the case!  We'll all get blown to smithereens if that thing goes wonky!"
"You say *recalled*...*compelled*...By what means? I'd rather not fall into any unavoidable traps on account of...whatever mechanism that is if you take my meaning."
He scratches his stubble.  "Let's just say...  the boss keeps a close grasp on what's dearest to me.  Sometimes I find it hard to say no, if you catch my drift.  He's a magic user, he can speak to me whenever he wants.  So, yeah, anyone with me would be at danger from him scrying or spying or whatever the Hells he does.  We can split this place and then part ways, if you're happier with that.  I just thought...  well.  I thought I at least owed you a conversation before I took off, if that makes sense.  No honor among thieves, as it were, but...  just seemed the right thing to do.  You and your mage friend are good people.  Owed you as much."
"Understood. I suppose we'll cross that chasm when we come to it. Let's keep an ear for the guard and get ready to make our escape."
"Aye." His look bores into Dieter, trying to gain some insight into his bearing.  After a few moments, he says, "One last thing.  Did you happen to find anything about a red crystal, 'bout yea big?"  He holds up his fist.
“Can’t recall seeing anything like that...Mind’s a bit hazy though, i suppose.”
“Now?”
Frume gets up, waits at the barred window for a beat.  "Can't hear or see 'em, let's go."  He heads to the corner, pushes the moveable wall, and, little by little, an opening appears.  Torchlight flickers on a wooden ladder leaning against a wall.  Looking down the opening, it's only about an eight foot drop.  Frume offers for Dieter to go first.
"Sure, what the hell."
He squeezes in and slides down.
It's a rather tight fit, and when Dieter gets to the bottom, the tunnel that stretches before him is only five feet tall.  They'll both have to hunch while they're walking.   A lit torch is illuminating the hall as well as a intersection opening to the left and right 10-15 feet ahead.  (Roll20 is live!)
The dilapidated Druid moves to and peeks around the corners.
Another hallway.  Going left there's an opening to t he right, opposite on the right side.  The hall looks like it was carved hurriedly with shoddy tools; there are gashes and marks on the walls like blade cuts.  The floor is loose, dried clay.  Walking normally, Dieter and Frume slip on the scree and are probably going to be fighting with their footing all the way through.
They slyly slink...left.
Another long hallway ending in what looks like a mold-infested wall.  Two openings are on the left.
It is also getting dim down the hallways, now.  There doesn't seem to be any sort of light farther in the tunnels.
Dieter tries to move back and take the torch from the wall.
The torch comes off easily, and you sense that it is magically lit.
Sensing the magic in the torch, Dieter looks for any loose pebbles on the ground.
Dieter spies a few pebbles which would work well with his plans. (😁)
He...tries his stony cantrip.

