strange-tensionEffect Magic Stones removed from BL1.
The decisive Druid directs the flaming sphere back up into the stunned assailant.


As Dieter continues pummeling the fiend with fire, he leaves the flaming sphere lingering on top of it. The light provides a bit more of a look into what the goo is and he takes a fleeting moment to inspect before following suit and bolting to the edge of the room.


Is it possible for a Flail Snail to dance? One wouldn't think so, but Shelli bobs up and down with an impish excitement as she approaches her incapacitated prey and begins lashing out with her stalks.

*"Knockback - Double damage and target is pushed back 1d6 squares."*
It is not your turn.
The creature is getting brutally beaten, fried, and...  hopefully there's no oven or skillet nearby.  It gets pushed 25ft away by Shelli's attack.  (Go ahead and roll a sphere attack, too.)
Jaecob leaps toward the charred, battered, and slightly disintegrated morass of detritus.

He wipes a bit of sinew off his lips that results from his series of searing strikes.
Flayco hops and slaps and suck and "RRRAAAAAAAWWWWWK!!!"s his way over to its favorite new ragdoll.

It is not your turn.
Daddy Druid's heart swells with pride as his clutch performs his will above all expectation. Not to disappoint his buoyant brood, he sends more fireworks at the pitiful creature, now sagging low in the corner, a disgusting reek pouring out in smoke and sinew.







Fire has nearly immolated the monster.  Melted flesh, bone, and ichor slough off the being in waves, making the place stink like a garbage fire.  On top of that, the voices are now rebounding around the room, making it even harder to concentrate on the task at hand - putting this thing out of it's clearly miserable existence.
The many eyes look back and forth between the party members.   Several mouths gape, some scream, some cry.  Some melt off in slow agony.  The thing tries to straighten itself out, towering over Jaecob.  Several mouths lick grotesque lips.

(The way I'm reading it, any creature within the range has to make a wis save - maybe we skipped over that for the rest of the party, but a bunch of people standing around does not a combat make!



Still jabbering, the thing tries to bite out at Jaecob.  Missing very badly, one of the mouths spits something caustic at Dieter.  Before it hits him, it explodes into light, like a firecracker, blinding Dieter, who is very close to that pit...
Shelli, dismayed at seeing her new person take what she knows to be a devastating effect to the face schlurps over and steadies him lovingly with her tentacles.
It is not your turn.
Effect Flaming Sphere removed from Jaecob Muhlen.
Jaecob's eyes go red again...







Jaecob spits a mixture of blood and saliva to add to whatever other bodily or unearthly liquids are forming this thing.



Flayco flaps petulantly and casts an embarrassed, sulking look at Dieter, who...can't see it.
It is not your turn.


Effect Blinded removed from Dieter Deleter.
"Now feast on fire!"




Shelli flails out spasmodically, the voices in her head rising to a fever pitch.  She moves, trying to will them away.  In her frustration, she lashes out at Jaecob, knocking into him.
It bubbles up goo at Jaecob.
Jaecob pulls back with a ferociously furious face full of reckless rage. He unleashes a series of blows into the heart of the spewing pile.


His rage betrays him.
He stands there, looking ragged, not quite knowing how this has happened. He feels....

Slightly less stupid than he thought for a fleeting moment.
The gloop wends around Jaecob's attacks, several of the mouths give him hell for it.

The young draconic flayer purrs a soft, deadly note. The eyes, and mouths, and tentacles all lock on to the ooze, then seem to contract as one.

Flayco lets out an ear shattering screech of frustration.
It warbles through the tentacles.
"Hccckkkksssssssstiiiiiieeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeecccchkkkk!!!!"
The rest of the party shields their ears in a recoiling wave.
It is not your turn.
Dieter takes in a deep breath and gathers his mental faculties.

He feels perfectly collected and in tune with the growing sense of acceptance of his role as the thin grey line between the two sides of light and dark.
Dieter's conscience is unblinking.
The Deleter delivers the drool its demise.

Target g1 not found.

Smoke seems to emanate from Dieter's nostrils as he balances the frustration inside him.


Shelli is startled at having her own type of brilliance shined back upon her. She retreats into her shell.

It is not your turn.

He spits on the beast then slinks back down onto the wall, and gasping.
The bubbling pile of ooze is now bits and blobs around the room.  The effects of it's various voices and blinding spittle recede.  The room becomes quiet.  Silent as the grave.
[3,100 xp]
