strange-tensionGI1 was added to combat with initiative 22 as part of group EEEEEEEEEELS!.
GI2 was added to combat with initiative 22 as part of group EEEEEEEEEELS!.
GI3 was added to combat with initiative 22 as part of group EEEEEEEEEELS!.
GI4 was added to combat with initiative 22 as part of group EEEEEEEEEELS!.
GI5 was added to combat with initiative 22 as part of group EEEEEEEEEELS!.
GI6 was added to combat with initiative 22 as part of group EEEEEEEEEELS!.
GI7 was added to combat with initiative 22 as part of group EEEEEEEEEELS!.
GI8 was added to combat with initiative 22 as part of group EEEEEEEEEELS!.
GI9 was added to combat with initiative 22 as part of group EEEEEEEEEELS!.


@Russell
Rolling 2 iterations...
1d20 (13) = `13`
1d20 (19) = `19`
32 total.
Bellatrix was added to combat with initiative 1d20 (9) + 2 = `11`.
“Look out everyone! It’s...Eeeeeeeeeeeeels!!!!”



The eels swarm, and they all jump and bite at the heroes...

(I'll run that crit fail in a sec...)`
Bellatrix looks at her hands, bereft of her cantrip, she looks around for inspiration.

(I'll allow it... this time 😉
Bellatrix *cleaves* through a swath of eels!
The metal mage’s rapid ride has risen his inner ions. He charges, glowing a more golden shade of white and blue than his usual translucent pallor. A crackle seems to arc to the nearby stalactites-and-mites, caging around the periphery of the boat and bursting outwards to overwhelm the onrushing eels.

He reaches out, shielding Bellatrix.

“Hold on Bella! I’ve got you! Daran! Take care of Benna! We ride this out for worse or for better! We belong together!”
(Everyone takes 11 points of damage as) Eleven stalactites detach from the ceiling as the thunder wave creates chaos inside the mountain tunnel.
All effects removed from GI3.
GI1 removed from combat.
GI3 removed from combat.
GI4 removed from combat.
GI9 removed from combat.
The two remaining eels yip and yap and swim away from impending death, deeper into the water.  Even though the water is moving at a quick pace, the farther and farther along the new tunnel the group moves, the quieter and quieter it gets.  It's also getting quite hot.  Stifling, even.  Daran runs a hand through the water, and shrugs.  "Water's not making this place heat up.  Wonder where it's coming from?"

Benna is shifting through her vests and comes out with three small spines.  "Here," she says to the others.  "Eat this," and she passes out a spine to each of the group.  (Do you partake?)
[500 xp]

Bellatrix laughs and nods.  "Spine of hedgehog!  I haven't had this since I was a kid!"  Maouelue eats a piece.  Its crunchy like rock candy, and gives the elf a strange sensation going down his gullet...
“Whooo! That’ll remove the force within your sinuses!”
Rushing water continues to bring the four companions through the insides of the mountain.  They look all around, and it hits them suddenly and at the same time - there is no sound.  It continues eerily like this for a few minutes until, very faintly, the elves start to hear a small sound.  At this point it is just white noise.  The boat continues on.  (Perception check, please!)

The sound is still hazy, but it sounds like rushing water.  Only this is much larger, a lot of water...  And, simultaneously, Maouelue feels the pace quicken, and begin to move downhill.
Up ahead, at the edge of his view, there is a dropoff - all he can see is the top of the tunnel angle down.  Just off to the left, right before the drop, is a small alcove.  If he's deft enough, he could nose the boat in and stop the momentum.  Or, they could go right for the fall.  What does Maouelue want to do?
“Bottoms up!”, He charges the boat right for the falls.
Daran's face tightens and the sisters hold hands as Maouelue steers the ice boat into the course where he hears rushing water.  The tunnel does in fact fall away, into a 45 degree drop, and the water, already quick, picks up a fever pace.
Centuries of water making it's way though these tunnels has carved out an interesting tunnel.  Although straight in certain areas, where it does turn, it is often violent and jarring to the boat riders.  The first few are gentle enough, if surprising in the dark.  The next few, however, make it hard for Maouelue to keep the boat straight.  It knocks into the edges and threatens to tip!  (Dex save!)

@Russell
Rolling 2 iterations...
1d20 (5) = `5`
1d20 (6) = `6`
11 total.

The boat lists right, then left.  A massive drop and turn to the right, spiraling down, catches the sisters off guard.  Daran secures Benna, Maouelue and Bellatrix hunker down for the swirling fall.
The tunnel spirals for another hundred feet down, then levels off again, but the pace is still intense.  Their ball of light is trying to keep up with them, to illuminate the group's way.  But it might not be needed much longer.   At the end of this very long tunnel is now an opening.  The outline of which looks lit with red flame.  There are no off-shoots, no branches.  A few rock spires stick out treacherously.  The sound of the rushing water is all-encompassing now.  The group can see the twenty foot wide exit to whatever waits below only a hundred feet in front of them...
Rushing water careens the boat towards the opening...  (Anything you want to do before you go over the edge?)
As the boat crests the edge, Maouelue gets a view of a massive cavern, strewn with rock crevasses, lava flows, and a huge waterway interconnecting everything.  A variety of beasts can be heard growling throughout, and, just as he's about to plummet over the lip, he sees an *enormous* being in the center, carrying a greatclub over a shoulder.  Then, they plummet...
