strange-tensionThe portly man starts to object, but Vam speaks up, "Now, listen Rhal, you know as well as I do there have been some strange happenings for a good time now.  Matter of fact, the *supposed* culprit is standing right here in this room.  I'm not saying all of the facts are on the table, but there's enough for me to say this whole town, and *especially* the Council, needs to make a formal apology to Ms. Bellatrix here."
Bellatrix's body sags as she releases her Forcecage.  She looks tired, haggard even.  She also looks extremely scared.
*The two heroes nod in approval of this sentiment, having been aided by Bellatrix without question several times now.*
"You can feel free to rest and eat here.  Don't have much, or anything fancy, but there's plenty of beans and bread, at least tonight.  And there's a room at the end of the hall with space for some bedrolls.  What else for food...  there's the inn, and, of course, The Pig and Falcon.  I have to take care of this body, fellas.  We'll make sure he has a proper burial after we've gone over it for evidence.  Bellatrix, could you assist us, please dear?"
Vam goes over to check on the witch, and gently leads her over to Douglas.
*Maouelue and Dieter come over and watch make a strange F-shaped gesture to pay their last respects to Douglas.*
The men comb over the body, checking the wounds and the poison stains around his mouth.  They get a very detailed description of the fight with the assassin from Bellatrix.  Ultimately, move the body into the yard and Bellatrix goes about preparing Douglas for burial.
Rhahlad approaches the two adventurers.  "You gentlemen decided where to sup, yet?"
"True, there is much to discuss."  He leads you both to the dining area, where a sturdy table with six seats are stands empty.
*Dieter and Maouelue sit down*
“We would hear the wisdom of the council. Ere we lay our course. What make you all of this?”
Rhahlad makes a showing of offering you seats, then sits after you, playing a gracious host.
"Well, to be sure, today was one hell of a day.  I'm still not sure I'm not dreaming or not!"  He guffaws, looking around at the others.  Seeing no one is in a jovial mood, his demeanor darkens a bit.  
He then says, "Listen, there's bad business done here today.  To you, to the townfolks of Oakhurst.  To that young woman out there tending to your friend.  That happened some time ago, actually."
"It all starts with missing children in the town.  A whole mess of them went missing, and we just couldn't find out what was happening to them.  When we sent out for help to other towns around the area, they reported the same thing happening.  Obviously, the Council got to work speaking with everyone, sometimes seven or eight times.  I feel we did our due diligence.  And, no matter who we talked to, the finger always pointed at Trix, there."
"She was always the black sheep of the community.  Everyone knew she practices magic.  At one time, our little town was very anti magic.  There was an impassioned plea from Trix's family, and we started turning our minds around, slowly to be sure.  Then someone showed us the black art that she deals in, and, well, one thing lead to another.  She was run out of town.  I do believe this is the first time she's set foot in Oakhurst in several years."
"Looking back on it, there probably were signs of what the Muhlen's had up their sleeves.  They were very secretive with each other, to be sure.  How in the hell were we supposed to know they were evil, though?  They've been pillars of the community.  The general store they run is beyond remonstration; they are fantastic business people and generous members of the Council."
Vam speaks up, "What about the vote on these boys' idea, huh?  We should have pressed them more, there.  Should have known something was foul.  Wasn't the first time on that, neither."
Vam spits out the door, into the dusty walkway.
Bazad shakes his head, still looking uncomfortable.
They look down at the parchment.
Rhahlad starts guffawing.
Bazad looks like he's going to be sick.
Vam scratches his head.  "Am...  Am I missing something.  What is that?"
Rhahlad says, "It's some childish prank!  Who gave that to you, seriously?!  That's the best joke I've ever seen, ha.  You boys are all right...  Ah.  I needed that."
*The party looks at the two men’s reactions with interest.*
*A pale blue comes over the wizard’s eyes as he says this.*
Rhahlad stops laughing immediately.  "Whoa, whoa, I meant no offense, gentlemen, honestly I didn't.  I've no idea what you'd been through, don't blame me if i thought you were putting us on with this."  He taps the paper.
Looking back and forth between the four others, he says, "You all seriously don't know what this is?  The 'black spot'?  You've never heard the old sailor's tales of the 'black spot'?
Bazad and Vam look on in confusion.
"Well...  that's fair.  Story's simple really, there're tales about pirates receiving this same mark, parchment with a ink spot on it, when they're marked for death.  I thought it was a mere child's story..."
Vam shakes his head, studies the parchment again.  
"Can you point out the runes, here?  I don't see anything like that."
*Maouelue’s fingers glow white as he twirls his triumvirate with increasing vigor.*
Rhahlad and Vam pick up a coin each, studying them intently.
(Perception check for either on Bazad.)


