strange-tensionThe pool bubbles slightly and the silver string comes out again, this time creating a being purely from it's essence.  This one looks of Stenchy.  A third time this silver stream comes out, a third man - Quenchy.  The three look at each other, then look to Dieter, beaming.  (What would you like to do?)
“Where do you go when you go where do you go?”
“Three I see yet four there may be. I wonder where the last of thee could be since only three i see.”
“Where does she go when she goes where does she go?”
*His form breaks into fractured shifts of shape, sounds pouring out at odd angles. He settles on a nine-headed serpent that begins to reach out to every face  and the spaces on either side as well. They begin to entangle the forms, all becoming silver beams of light, flowing around through the pool and back again.*
The image shifts, flips upside down and it becomes a dungeon.  The sound of someone speaking a strange yet familiar language can be hear in the distance, echoing off of the stone walls.  In the cell sits four people, three of whom Dieter knows very well.  The fourth is a newcomer he vaguely registers as...
The image flips again, shifts, Dieter is looking into a mirror, eyes wide, unfocused.
“Maouelue...needs...”

*He falls unconscious.*
*Maouelue makes a clanking return to ground at the base of the Baobab. His arcane accessory still bound in vines. As he makes his way back over to the forge with his quarry, he notices an acrid, pungent flavor on the air.  He comes around the corner into a hazy scene. Four figures are splayed out around a feeble smattering of coals. Spilt bottles of dark brown drink litter the floor. Whether that is what left the large wet stains on the various trousers is anyone’s guess. Three men are laid out on their backs, arms jutting out at odd angles. Lastly, he sees a...it appears to be the body of a rat, the wings of a bat, and the head of a snake. It’s surrounded in a pool of shimmering liquid. 

Maouelue reaches down and holds an outstretched palm over the pitiful form. Words of coalescence flow out and the strange multi beast begins to retake its shape.

Naked, Dieter lies shivering in the detritus. Maouelue picks him up and carries him over to the forge to warm up. He brings the mage over and lays him out on the anvil altar.*

“Time to wake up.”
*He reaches down into Dieter’s pack which he has brought near. His hand roots around for a moment.*
*He pulls out a swirling black dagger and drags the tip lightly over the bound mage’s forehead.*
“Time now for an answer to all the riddles...”
*Tap. Tap. Tap.*
“Care to tell me what this is all about before your brain is wearing this?”
*He digs the dagger in a bit.*
The mage comes to with a sputter and blinking eyes.  "Buh... whu..."  He sees the dagger.  Then he sees the Dragon Mage.
"Ah..  m...  I... I don't...  I've never seen that blade befoAAAA!"
*Tap. Tap. Tap.*
“Don’t lie to me.”
“Tell me about the rat.”
"Ah, the rat?  Yes, yes, yes, the rat.  It's...  AH...  It's my birthright.  I am a wererat, too.  My purpose is to collect the dead and turn them.  We're creating an armyaAAAAHHH!"
“Where....with an H?”
"No, no, no.  I'm a lycanthrope.  I can turn into a rat or hybrid, now at will, I've had it so long.  My whole family has ever been wererats.  If you want, I can show you?"
“Yes I mean where?!? Where is the army...
and Runemark....
what of...it.”
He starts shaking his head, "No, I can't tell you about him.  I can't.  But I can tell you where he is.  I can lead you to the army.  Just, please...  Take the dagger away!  My soul... my soul!"
*Tap. Tap. Tap.*
“But...you’ve never seen this before...”
*He gestures to the dagger and cocks his head.*
"Nnn, no.  Never."  He shakes his head emphatically.
“Tell me, why should I let live one who raises the dead for his own sick purposes?”
He starts pouting, "Was only doing my job.  Putting my own spin on it, but only a job just the same.  I can lead you to the lycanthropes.  If you sway them, they will turn.  They're only working with the Runemark because he promised them an uprising.  If you give them something else they want, they'd turn to you, surely."
“Your own spin! That’s rich...that woman was in pieces before...before you. That was more than lycanthropy friend.”
"A mage, learned in the necromantic arts, I don't deny it.  Cast out from society and every place of learning I've ever attended, though.  All I ever wanted was to make my mark on the world.  We're very close, to tell the truth."
“We?...Close?”
"My family.  We are legion.  And we are very close to our goals.  With the Runemark leading, people will be reminded of our kind.  Too long we've lived in the shadows.  Too long have we scrounged on the fringes of the world."  There's a glint now in his eye.  He's very proud speaking about his 'family'.
“Keep talking; Stay alive.”
"Yes, yes.  What do you want to know?  The Runemark," he shudders, "is a nasty man who has taken steps to take over Oakhurst.  They're been sewing seeds of discord, saying you've stolen from him.  He's reclaimed his marked coins and the silver at the Inn.  He's taken his rage out on the people of Oakhurst, they go missing day by day.  Culver was just the first.  He says you and the druid were the ones to set the snakes loose on the town, too."
