strange-tension@Russell
Rolling 4 iterations...
1d20 (3) = `3`
1d20 (2) = `2`
1d20 (16) = `16`
1d20 (4) = `4`
25 total.
Daran tears into them, but a couple leave Maouelue and the sisters wanting.  They're nourishing enough, and everyone keeps down their meals.  After a time, the group is ready to explore!
The walls inside the cave pass are smooth, water-worn, and cold.  After the warm fire, it sends a shiver up the wizards back.  (How far is he moving in?)

Armor and tight spaces aren't made for each other.  Thirty feet in, there is an odd outcropping, and with Maouelue's bulk, he just isn't able to squeeze past it.  His bat can see a bit more of the area - and it shows more of the same.  Bigger cavern, stalactites and stalagmites.  Smaller pools here and there formed from water dripping down from above.  Nothing moving or shaking.  The pass is at least structurally sound, there doesn't seem to be any rock debris falling, or scree anywhere.
"Daran! Come take a few cracks at these walls with your mace, would ya?"
"Oh! Right!  Forgot I had that!"
The two of you switch places and he proceeds to hammer away, looking a little trepidation.
Created attack Mace of Reduction!

"Put your back into it!"
"Alright, alright!"

"Here...give me that thing..."

Two of the hits take pieces, shards away from the obstacle, but he can't seem to break it all off.


More chips fly away.  On the second hit, Maouelue misses the obstruction completely and hits the wall.  (Luck check, please!)
Maouelue casts a wry smirk back at Daran.
A thick *THUD*, like a gong hit, reverberates around the small passage.  It rings Maouelue's ears and his armor, again sending shivers up his spine.  As the chime subsides, nothing else can be heard in the silent darkness.
"Well well well....what have we here?", muses the mage.

Maoulue pulls out the gem of brightness and speaks to it in sylvan ||"Light!"||.
Light fills the little space around them, letting the sisters see into it, and letting Daran and Maouelue see better.
Wetness coats the walls, but the walls also look curiously smooth in several places.  As if the water either has smoothed it out, or that it worn away the stone to uncover something smooth.
Only the right side of the passage, the side hit by the mace, has this appearance.
"There must be something in this wall...Pray, let us all use what we can to detect what's within."
"Gah! Why did I leave the shovel and pickaxe in *Dieter's* Bag of Holding ™️ ?"


The wizard taps his magic wand on the wall a few times, seeking any hidden curiosities.
There is stone and another material making up the side of the passage wall.  Maouelue can't tell what the other material is, though.
[1200 xp]


No secret doors, no traps.
The mage absentmindedly bangs against the wall with a handful of platinum ball, more ore less testing its strength as he contemplates.
You toss the balls at the wall, and it doesn't do anything except ping hollowly.
“Benna, have you ever seen material like this in any of your alchemical research?”, he gestures at the curiously nondescript mineral interleaved with the stone.
Benna comes to look closer.
She shimmies past the rocky outcrop and takes a closer look.  "Doesn't strike me as ore, this looks worked."  She puts her hands all over the wall.  "There's either bits everywhere..  or whatever this is, it's huge!"
"Intriguing...someone has carved the mountain..."

Maouelue is able to move past the rock obstacle.  (Perception check, please!)

As he moves through the pass, he feels pulled toward the wall with the abnormalities.
This sensation tugs at the mage's curiosity. He moves farther in, holding up a metal ball letting it freely roll in his hand.
(Curiously, his shield and the balls don't move towards the wall.)
The light and the group continues down the passage.  As the leader, Maouelue, gets to the opening, he sees the same as the bat did, not too much else.  He estimates the distance to the ground at 35ft.   There is enough clearance for people to move down the wall and land at the bottom; there are interspersed stalagmites but none right at the edge of the cavern.
Maouelue scans for a way back up should he find his way down.
This is a natural cavern.  There is no way up or down.
“Is this folly? Does anyone else pine to mine the secrets of this cavern? Eh?...see what I did?....No one?....

*For the second time in short succession the wizard wishes Dieter were here.* He *would have gotten it...*
Belletrix titters, Benna guffaws, but only after Maouelue mentions it's a joke.  Daran seems lost,
“There’s just something about this cave that I can’t let go! Anyone!?!”
Bellatrix, right next to Maouelue, continues laughing, maybe little too loud.  Benna stops laughing and looks...  gassy.  Daran laughs, but just to fit in.
*Just trying to lighten the mood...*
*This guy gets it*
Maouelue makes his way down the edge, almost driven on by his party’s apparent lack of wonder or humor...*There’s something about this cave.*

@Russell
Rolling 2 iterations...
1d20 (11) = `11`
1d20 (9) = `9`
20 total.
