strange-tensionOver and over the Metal Mage, majestically mirroring the chardalyn and himself back into infinitely smaller and smaller refractions, bashes the crystal, as if he is working out destroying more than just the object at hand. He sees himself looking back at himself looking back at himself looking back at himself...


The massive hit lands and a wave of energy flashes out from the center of the hit.

@SuoRess_1019
Rolling 7 iterations...
1d20 (5) = `5`
1d20 (5) = `5`
1d20 (18) = `18`
1d20 (15) = `15`
1d20 (16) = `16`
1d20 (13) = `13`
1d20 (2) = `2`
74 total.

A few keep their feet, but half fall to the floor, knocked back by the unseen force.  Bellatrix falls, Maouelue does as well, both reaching for each other as the blast pushes them backwards onto the cold stone floor.
A cruel laugh starts from the middle of the now shaking chardalyn crystal.  It quickly dies away as the ground rumbles, the shard shakes more violently.  Then, it starts contracting, pulling it's many flutes and spires downward and inward, becoming a smaller version of itself rapidly.
Cracked stone from the ceiling falls inward as the crystal retracts from the top of the room.  It quickly descend and recedes into the floor, where it disappears in a matter of seconds, leaving a gaping wound in the castle.  Everyone looks at each other.  The screaming is still happening.  People look from one to the other.  Maouelue and Bellatrix peer from eladrin to eladrin, trying to find the source of the cries.  The scream intensifies...  then they see her.
All are backing away from Illafaera, who is holding her head with both hands, kneeling on the ground, and screaming so hard spittle and mucus are leaking from her head in heavy drops.  Maouelue realizes quickly that the woman could not possibly have any more breath in her body, yet the screaming continues.
He reaches out, trying to stabilize the tortured Illafaera...

She suddenly throws her head back as a small purple-black ball rises from the hole in front of the golden eladrin.  Like a black hole surrounded by wisps of purple lightning, the ball hovers...
(You're good!)
Maouelue, is his boundless feeling for his fellow being, reaches out and touches the elf wizard.  His mind splits, arcing down the center, then bifurcates into more, many more, until thousands of voices are in his head, screaming, crying, retching, whispering ill omens and even worse promises of murder, torture, death.
The small ball of negative light rises until it is above the group, with everyone watching.
The voices in Maouelue's mind quiet to a dull thudding ache.  The sreaming of Illafarea stops, she takes in a wheezing, wracking breath.  The voice of a woman - sweet and lilting, like cool water on a hot day - comes into the minds of all collected there.
"You have not won.  You will never will.  To those who thought they destroyed my Pale Prince, you will have hell to pay.  We will make sure of that.  For those of you who took my keep and killed my pets and friends, you will die as they have.  Do you not know?  I am eternal.  You cannot kill me.  You cannot hope to best me.  Some will say I have run, fled in fear of my life.  I tell you now, that is not the truth.  As all know, the best way to preen a large group of people is to get them all to one place.  Then, you only need a way to kill a large number of people at one time.  Good thing I've known how to do that since I was a small girl.  Go to your rests with the knowledge that I am not killing the one I want.  Goodbye."


Bellatrix's focus is on Illafaera, but Maouelue bravely takes a look down the hole.

The shard has retreated fully down several thousand feet.  It seems the ground beneath the keep was mostly chardalyn, connected throughout several cave systems.   The small ball is starting to retract into itself.

A minute passes, which Maouelue knows to be the length of the reduce spell.  Nothing happens, the crystal stays the same size.  The ground starts to shake violently...
The mage peers around at them all, sizing them up.
"There's only one way out of here now. We must hurry! Gather round!"
As the contingent warily approaches, Maouelue wastes no time, quickly starting to form a circle of arms all around the chardalyn's relief.
"May the gods be with us!" He proclaims as he drags them all down into the void.
A rumble...
The ground heaves...
The ball of darkness winks out...
The ceiling collapses at the same time the floor gives out...
Maouelue, and the rest...

                                                 fall...

(Would you like to check in on Dieter, or continue with Maouelue?)
```
 
```
Darkness surrounds the man as he awakes from a deep, *deep* slumber.  The small sounds of breathing, several things breath, can be heard in the cramped, damp room.


The vault is quiet, with the fire having gone out some time ago as Dieter's spell dropped.  The Druid awakes refreshed and alert.  Nothing is moving, only the breathing can be heard.
