strange-tensionThere is a distinct line of something on the floor.  (Frenchy or Dieter can get his fingers underneath it, if they want.)
*Dieter digs underneath the object carefully, brushing away the debris.*
It's a padded piece of wood, the covering made to look and feel like the surrounding floor.  It lifts easily... and the stench of rotting, decaying meat hit you both full and hard. (CON save.)


You both feel an urge to vomit as the wood plank is moved away.  It stretches the width of the floor and extends to fifteen feet forward down the tunnel.  The wood feels flimsy under your fingers.  You both can also see that the tunnel tapers at the edge of the torch light.
*Steadying themselves and holding their breath, they look for what might be the source of the stench under the board.*
The board is moved back, slowly, carefully.  A trench full of body parts, in various states of decay, lie ten feet deep.  Sharp points of some sort stick up here and there within the pit.  As you peer further into the miasma or filth...  something moves.




The two watch as whatever is in the grossness moves from their left to right, getting slightly farther away from them in the process.  Sick gurgling sounds, squelching and liquid *flops* can be heard as the thing moves around.  It doesn't seem to sense your presence, for the moment.
What used to be limbs get sucked below the mire as you both watch on.
*Dieter throws his torch into the pit handle-side down to stick it in the mire and see what the ___thing___ might do.*
The torch sticks into the abdomen of what might have been an orc, it's green skin turning mottled black, blue, and purple.  It descends almost to the fire, but stays steadfastly pointed up.  (Stealth checks for both again, please!)


The movement from underneath the pile stops suddenly.


Dieter cannot make out the size and shape or movement of this creature, but Frenchy believes he does.

Frenchy spots something slinking towards the pair...  Then loses it.  He thought it looked like a slug of some sort, but didn't get a great look at it when it surfaced?  Did it surface?  The smell is somehow getting stronger.  (CON save, please, for both!)


Although it *seems* stronger, it's not affecting either of you at all.  The nausea is abated, at least for the moment.
Suddenly, an arm still grasping a dagger gets *sucked* with great force under the flotsam.  You both peer into a multi-chambered eye for a moment.
It blinks.
Then dives away, further down in the pit.
*Frenchy nods in agreement and they head back to the junction. They inform Maouelue and Stenchy about what they just saw and indicate that they should head the other way for now.*
*The group trudges on together up the NE way. Once again, Dieter and Frenchy take the scout role, but now Dieter produces a flame to light their way.*

*It is a very large flame this time.*

The group takes the NE path, moving quietly...  except for Stenchy.  The wizard, who is constantly checking behind himself for fear of being snuck up on, spies something *slithering* and skittering down the path behind them.   (Survival check from whomever is leading the group - Frenchy, right?)

The path continues on.  As the group continues on,  they see a three-foot diameter hole in the ceiling of the tunnel, directly above them.
*Dieter raises his flame to the hole to try and light it up a bit.*

Dieter is...  yep, he's fairly sure this hole is naturally occurring.
*Nonplussed, the group moves on. Maouelue mutters something about snakes.*
The party moves onward.  (Good movie by the way, if you haven't checked it out!)  
The path continues on...  ten feet, twenty more...  Fifty more...  The skittering keeps pace with Maouelue, staying just at the edge of his vision.  He sees it crawling on the ground.  Then loses it for a time.  The party can hear the sounds of little claws hitting the stones in the floor, clicking together... unnerving them.  Until, suddenly...
The tunnel opens into a strange cavern.  The walls arch overhead quickly, almost at a 90 degree angle.  Sounds echo frightfully here.  There are noises of dripping and the slight splashing of water.  The torch illuminates the area, but only just.  The room seems to be getting bigger and bigger the farther they go.

The thing is no longer behind you.  And hasn't been for some time, you realize.
*Maouelue beckons the group to put out their lights and to stay by the door while he scouts out the room with his darkvision. He proceeds along the left wall.*

The wizard looks around as the other three huddle and shine lights around the area.  They are in a large open space.  The three without darkvision are not able to see the walls, but they can hear noises bouncing all around the cavern.  

Maouelue searches the area, looks up the wall and sees...  a grub-like creature clinging to the wall about twenty feet up.  It's about the length of a grown human's leg, and about a foot in diameter.  It is looking at Maouelue.  Strands of spittle hang from its maw.  As the liquid hits the floor of the cave, it hisses.
