strange-tensionMaouelue inspects the cylindrical item and the elongated metal items. He chuckles mildly, thinking of the look on Dieter's face the first time he saw the new metal-clad zealous look. A mixture of dumbstruck horror and awe and confusion all grappling with the sense of camaraderie. The muscular contortions on the already shape-shifted visage were such as pleasant plethora of hilarity.

Here, holding this new metal monstrosity in his hands, he feels a pang of guilt holding the item and so sets it down carefully. He turns a professional eye to it instead, taking in its design and metalworkings.

"Was this everything in that chest there?"
"Just some family memories.  Clothes and mementos.  But I thought I could carry that, in case it might come in handy.  Hate to be unarmed, and I'm really no good with swords or bows," says Heston.  Vam chuckles, starts down the ladder.  "Well, as long as we're getting things together, I think I'll run by the iron works, see what's salvageable."
"You take good care of that weapon Heston, and if you need company up North some day, I'll see it done."
The mage lays a warm hand on Heston's right shoulder.

"The lord of life and light guide your aim freind."
Heston looks up at the wizard, beaming.
"Now, tell me, whatever came of the *rest* of those serpentine reagents we gave you?"
"Was there enough left over for the pointy hat, jerkin, and bracers?"
"I do so desperately want to to deliver them to dieter and don't dare disappoint."
Heston guffaws as only a cowboy can.  "Sure, absolutely!  Forgot all about them in the commotion.  See here," and he takes you down the ladder into a corner of the barn set up as a makeshift tannery.  They are all as you requested, all fit to size.  They're extremely supple, too.  The craftsmanship is really top notch.
"Ah perfect, Dieter'll love these. He's been jealous of my hat, armor, and bracers since the vault to be honest..."
"Won't say nothin' about it mind, but I see him sneaking glances."
"But...I might just keep the hat..."
Heston says, "Now, here's something I though would be handy."  He shows off the bracers, saying, "There's a small area here for a dagger or small knife, but when there's nothing in there, because of the scales, it's seamless."
"Aye, indeed! My man Dieter will find that *most* intriguing, if I've been following his passions precisely of late!"
"Thank you for the beautiful work. We set up a bit of a forge ourselves down under as a matter of fact. If we get out the other side of this, might be we should make a bit of a go at it, after we learn a bit more up in the Northern reaches that is."
He pats your shoulder.  "If we get through what's next, just might hold you to that."
The mage returns a wry smile and a few crow's feet crinkle in the corner of his starry eyes.
"Alright now, let's round up the crew and hit the road. What say we ready a few steeds for our needs?"
"I'll get right on that.  Four gonna work?"
"Let's bring five. Just in case Dieter is in rougher shape than we might expect. Reckon we could keep a fifth in tow?"
He looks around at the stables, scratching his chin.  "Lemme see what I can round up.  Meet you back here in a few."  He makes haste out of the barn.
Maouelue takes a beat and looks around at one of the last remnants of the Oakhurst he was just beginning to know and love. Here where they held that fateful council...What a mess! What impetuous hubris. The dark currents run deep and they are not easily displaced. One would do well to remember this going forward.

He makes for the main building and comes into Bellatrix's view checking on her reverie.
"Well, let's just say I've got a fancy new hat!"
He trades the Frostbitten Helm for the supplely-scaled, pointed had.
"Our steeds arrive and we are off to put this dread pattern right!"
Turning from the fire, she gives the wizard a deep look.  Without knowing her, some would say it was a dark, foreboding gesture.  Knowing who she is... it might still be foreboding, but Maouelue knows it as a introspective look.  She purses her lips, goes into her pack.  "Would you allow me an... insight?  Into our upcoming venture?"
Maouleue slows his gusto replies reverently, “Of course, anything.”
“What would you ask of me?”
"Often people are scared of that which they cannot see, hear, physically interact with.  You and I know, however, that there is a weave to the world that is unseen, yet bonds everything together.  There are ways to manipulate this weave.  But for every action, there is a reaction.  Every now and again, I like to try and see the eventuality of those actions and reactions.  I give you the choice - rune, card, or dice?"
“Rune.”
h!rune

The mysterious woman smirks a little at the choice.  She reaches into her pack, closes her eyes, rummages more.  Then, slowly, she brings her closed fist out of the bag.  
"Runes help us connect with the elements.  They are an intimate connection to our inner being.  My runes have been with me for a very long time, since I was a child.  The longer you have a connection with them, and the closer they are to the body in that time, the more accurate they can be."
With that, she opens her hand.  The rune that looks back at you is carved into smooth, sanded bone.  The carved section is black, contrasting greatly against the bleached white of the bone.  Bellatrix's smile fades as she looks at the symbol.
“This symbol is out of balance.”
