strange-tensionSilently coming back into the immediate consciousness, the mage directs the hawk silently to fly up and try to peer through the air hole at the top of the back ice wall, trying to get a better view on the beasts beyond.
There are four creatures there.  Maouelue sees through the hawks eyes...

Maouelue tries to get Daran's attention and whispers ever so softly, "I will take the watch from here brother. Please take your rest while I monitor these yeti."
"I will try.  If you need me, I'll be ready to fight."  He slowly crosses over to lean against the cave wall, sitting cross-legged, hands still on scimitars.

"*Quiet!*"
One leaves, the others are starting to lose interest as well.  (One more?)
The two are still hanging around, but not pounding or scratching...  (Un mas?)
The leader starts clawing and scratching, taking some small gouges out of the ice.  The second does nothing.  (Last one!)
Daran's eyes fly open as he finishes his reverie.  He takes second to assess the situation, then whispers, "Are they coming in?"
“They seem to be turning away for now, but let us consider the situation a bit...”
Lumao directs the hawk to follow the Yetis’ retreat whenever the last one decides to turn away. He wants to see more of these caves if he can manage it. Perhaps his old trusty bat may be required in a little while...but for now he trusts the hawk’s eye. 
🦇 🦅
The scratches start breaking away parts of the wall, showing the wizard a furry white paw.  Grunts and growls greet the group, too.  The sisters wake up groggily, but they're able to keep their surprise under control.  Maouelue also notices, the walls are starting to melt from the top.   The hawk is having a rougher time staying on a perch.


The metal mage channels a quick spell to blind the yeti, hoping to disorient it and follow it where it may lead.
Maouelue makes to cast the yeti into darkness, but the spell doesn't go off.  The big arm starts to make it's way inside and feel around.
The other, however, is no longer interested.
Daran whips a scimitar out, ready to cut off the monster's paw...
Daran lashes out with the scimitar.

The scimitar slices into the fuzzy arm, dealing it a big gash, but not completely cutting it off.  The arm is promptly removed to howls and growls from beyond the ice wall.  "Run or fight, captain?"
"Ha! *Now* he asks!"
"Stand and fight!"
Lumao pulls out his Eladrin bow and nocks an arrow.
"Ha!  Let's get at it then!"

YE1 was added to combat with initiative 1d20 (3) + 1 = `4`.
BL1 was added to combat with initiative 1d20 (19) + 2 = `21`.
Added note.



A greenish blast bursts forth from the witch with what used to be red beams of light intertwined, now turning a bluish purple, ringed with white. They beam through the hole in the ice straight for the Yeti, one impacting on the edge of the hole, the others finding their marks.
Maouelue begins whispering to the fiber and grain of string and bow, sending out a cool yellow glow across the weapon.

Target yeti not found.

Lumao's first true shot with his first *real elven bow* strikes true!

Daran sheaths the scimitar, listening to the howling on the other side.  He winks at Maoelue, then rushes at the crumbling ice wall.  (DC 13 to knock it over?)

He hits the wall with full force, knocking all of the wall directly on the howling yeti!
The creature is now under a few feet of ice, prone but alive and struggling to get out.


Maouelue hears squaking, growling, and other beastly noises from further in the cave.
The yeti moves some ice around, and is just able to get up from the remains of the ice wall.  (That's going to be his full move.)
The blood witch takes aim and sends three more beams snaking out at the rising creature.

A crackling sizzle shoots out of her fingers and sears into the furry flesh.
It is not your turn.
Another shot. Another frosty ball. Another day in the life of the multifaceted metal mage.


Cackling and clicking mix with the howls coming from the back of the cave now.  Daran approaches the yeti with scimitars drawn.  He goes for a decapitation!

"Watch your own head there Daran!"
Daran rears up to take this yeti out, but there is a strange noise in the back of the cavern, and it distracts him just enough to massively miss the huge hairy white beast in front of him.  As he misses, he slips on the ice and falls off to the side. (In lieu of the crit card.  I don't have it available at the moment.  Also, afk for a bit.  Presentation.  Feel free to carry on, though!)

"YOU DO IT LIKE *THIS!*"

Bellatrix gives a moderately derisive look at the flourishing half-elf as she severs its head from its torso.

@Russell
Rolling 2 iterations...
1d20 (11) = `11`
1d20 (10) = `10`
21 total.

The sounds echo throughout the cave, causing some major confusion.

YE1 was added to combat with initiative 19 as part of group Yeti.
YE2 was added to combat with initiative 19 as part of group Yeti.
YE3 was added to combat with initiative 19 as part of group Yeti.
PE1 was added to combat with initiative 5 as part of group Flying.
PE2 was added to combat with initiative 5 as part of group Flying.
Bellatrix was added to combat with initiative 1d20 (19) + 2 = `21`.

