strange-tensionShe's holding something back, but what it is, you're not sure.  Maybe her next statement...
She seems to come to a decision.  "There has been a new development.  There is a need for a small, rogue group to infiltrate the my dark sister's lair itself."  The King and Queen turn to look at her, confused.  "The dark crystal that has tormented her thus would be the objective.  She carries it with her at all times.  And she is surrounded by guards and all other manner of unseelie fiends.  This is not something I ask lightly, obviously.  However, it would mean the end to whatever has a hold on her.  It would also go a long way to proving your worth to the Court.  If this does not sound amenable to you our your party, the raid is still an option."  She sits placidly while waiting for a response.  As for the other seelie in the room, every mouth is agape.
“It shall be done.”
@SuoRess_1019
Rolling 3 iterations, DC 20...
1d20 (14) + 2 = `16`
1d20 (**1**) + 2 = `3`
1d20 (7) + 2 = `9`
0 successes, 28 total.
Benna starts giggling under her breath again.  Daran sighs.  Bellatrix takes a sharp intake of breath.  But no one says anything.
"Very well.  You will meet with Captain Jelentrianna in the armory in four hours time.  She will go over the objectives.  Bring me back the black crystal and my sister, both preferably unharmed.  Anything else is ancillary and up to your discretion.  If you wish, we can give you an out if you are caught and do not wish to be tortured.  The Captain will see to your needs and the plans.  Good luck and may the gods bless you all, warriors of Astrazalian."
Lumao bows silently and follows to the armory.
The mage and company follow a guard escort to the armory, where the doors are opened and are ushered inside.  There is a side table with four chairs, and Daran immediately draws one out and sits.  When the guards leave the room to take their posts outside the door, the ranger says, "Whats the play here, Maouelue?  We really going to do this?"
“I go to do this thing. None that would turn aside need follow me. You have all taken on more have your fair share thus far. I go to free these lands once and for all, so that we may have the realm at our back when we go to the citadel. None will be able to deny me should I do this thing.”
The mage moves through picking up the trinkets from his last venture here. He gazes at the two swords, then turns to the guards. “If it would please the Queen, I shall take Midsummer and Midwinter to fulfill this deed.”
The guards turn and say, "Nay, we cannot allow you to take up those, they have to be given by the Queen herself.  If you would like, we can send an envoy to ask the Queen for you?"

Daran shakes his head, and gets up to lean in to whisper in Maouelue's ear.  "This is a suicide mission.  I am not sure what was said, what was done, there are insane rumors going around.  It doesn't matter, though.  All of us could go with you - the entire gods-damned army could attack, and it would still be the same.  This is madness, Maouelue.  The Queen could even deny you aid after you come back successful...  and that is a big if.  Are you sure this is the best course of action?"
"How can man or elf be sure of anything in this w- *these* worlds Daran? What *isn't* madness?

Here, for the first time in ages have I felt rest; it was but false. The *best course*, you say? No friend, it is not. But, it will keep us in the Queen's good graces and out of the realm's wroth for now. 

Dieter is well. I have seen him through Lanrion. He is well attended, and I have no fear we shall meet again. Something here is a part of this and whilst we are here, it is our duty to attend to it.  

I do not ask any of you to follow me blindly into death. But I do ask you hinder me not."
Daran looks at Maouelue.  He lower's his head in thought.  Bellatrix comes over to give Maouelue her unspoken support.  
"I will not hinder you.  I will be behind you.  I brought you here, what happens to you all is partly my doing."  He lifts his head, saying, "Faen nha."
Lumao takes up the guard’s offer to inquire after the swords, then goes back into his stoic posture.
Bellatrix pats the wizards back.  Daran sits back in his chair.  Benna wanders through the armory quietly.  Time passes.  Eventually, Daran stands and starts going through his gear and adding armor and weaponry.
Lumao secures the trinkets he had previously spied in the armory and sets about looking for a good eladrin longbow and quiver of arrows.
Lumao offers around a few trinkets to the group, having reoutfitted himself. His Amulet of Health he offers to Bellatrix, the Mace of Reduction he passes to Daran.
A splint mail he proffers to any who would take it
A ring of fire resistance he hands to Benna
