strange-tension"Two - I *am* the Runemark.  Or at least, I was.  My death brought upon a great many changes, one of which is the transference of title.  The Runemark name has been handed down from generation to generation, starting centuries back.  My ancestors were sailors, and went across the great ocean to learn the secrets of the Runes from the Giants.  No human had ever or *has* ever done this, and we were able to grow in power and prestige because of it.  When a Runemark dies, the title and powers are passed down to their kin.  The tricky part is, one can never tell who will be the recipient.  It's not always the eldest, or even part of the direct family.  Bastards have been known to take up the mantle.  It has even driven a few mad when they've received their newly-redeemed gifts.  Needless to say, though, if I *were* to come back, I fully expect my powers to return as well.
"Three..." He chuckles.  "I'm guessing since you even *have* to ask me the question, you aren't up on your dragon lore.  Let me enlighten you, Druid.  Tiamat is the world breaker, according to legend.  She, being of five heads of every chromatic color, resides in the Nine Hells.  Since you do not know of her, I assume as well that the Cult of the Dragon has not yet unleashed her fury.  According to the prophecy, there will be one who is able to bring together the elements needed to call forth the Dragon Queen, ultimately starting the Last War - dragons versus the rest of humanity.  It seems there are many old ones who believe this land to be theirs, and will stop at nothing to see it back in their possession.
The only thing to do is to release me from my prison.  I, and only I, can right what the illithids and the Dragon Cult are doing, so all Nine Hells don't erupt.  I know it's trading one type of fate for another, but who knows...  maybe there is a way to appease the Naga and not have them usurp Faerun.

As Dieter speaks to the wizard, demanding answers, he notices the wizard morph.  As the wizard comes back to his human form, for a moment, Dieter saw a familiar face.  For the briefest of moments, Frume was looking back at him.
Thoughts race through Dieter’s mind. He must make up his mind quickly, but this? What could have prepared him for this? Should he save this demon-man and risk the consequences of his resurrection, or allow the dark forces at work to continue their machinations? 

*The enemy of my enemy is my friend they say, but what if my friend may also be my fiend...? And what of Frume, is not this shadow also the enemy of my friend? Alas there is no time for deep rumination, but certainly any advantage that may be taken over my pursuers must be taken... I must decide...*

He considers a long as he can, then utters, 

“Lord Muhlen, you are keen to sense the dichotomy of my dilemma. I offer you this; I will free you as penance for your daughters untimely end at our hands. From there, let us unite in the felling of these dread usurpers. Time will tell if we can be allied, but there is no doubt we have much to gain from each other if so. I’ll take my chances with that, but please, release Frumious. Though his motivations be fraught, his heart be true. Aye, man-of-many-faces-and-names, I will free you. Pray, it doesn’t take me to mine own doom.”
The apparition looks puzzled, scratches his beard, whispers something under his breath.  (Perception to pick it up!)
He then looks at Dieter, serious.  "You have no hope of fighting these illithids without aid.  Mind flayers are known not only to be cunning but to also possess powers unknown to the arcanists of our time.  I will help you defeat these fiends, but the aid I can give you lies behind the closed doors that have stymied you.  The answer you seek lie in an ancient language, but it is not Netherese.  Only in my death have I discovered the truth.  They are illithid shrines.  The west door you may enter with the word *Sungovall*.  The south may be entered with the word *Svankigare*.

"In these halls you may find objects of great power, but remember, do not lose yourself in the strength of these items.  Once you have braved the trials to receive these, follow the east past from this hall.  The light I can provide will guide you.  But beware, there are monsters up ahead.  After you defeat the menace, you'll find my tomb.  I will appear to you there and help you continue your quest."
“I have no trust for one who whispers secrets to someone unknown in my presence. Have out with it or stay entombed for eternity. Your mutterings betray you, fiend.”
The wizard smiles.  "Not at all.  It is you, I fear, who are betrayed, my young Druid.  I was merely...  surprised.  About why my son wouldn't tell you his real name."
“For one in such need of mine aid, thou woulds’t do well to speak plainly. Your riddles serve neither cause.”
"No riddles here.  I gave you the information you need to get through the doors.  Finding my body and resurrecting me is in both our interest.  Then I will be able to show you a way out of this juggernaut.  We are done here.  Act in any way you see fit."
And in a wisp of blue-grey smoke, the void collapses in on itself.
Dieter is standing where he was last, in the vast, cold room with the banners, the columns, and a very confused Frume.  He was just grasping air a second ago, now his hand is grabbing your leg.  His mouth hangs agape, trying to piece things together.
“Dastardly Demon....”, Dieter spits.
“Riddles encased in a labyrinth entombed in a mystery!”, The disgusted druid deliberates.
As his sight comes back to, he lays eyes on Frume and thinks for a moment.
"Wwww...  What happened??  Did you...  go somewhere?  You just flashed!"
“I...had a vision of a way out though...it will not be simple.”
Frume looks worried.  "Aye?"
“Aye. What of you? You seem to have taken quite a shock yourself? What was it happened to you?”
