strange-tensionHeston shrugs.  "I don't really have any contacts or anything.  Especially nearby.  I can ride and check in with the powers-that-be in Longsaddle, though.  Been there a handful of times."
Vam says, "I have a few merchant contacts in both places.  I can take whomever to check into what either can help with."
Bellatrix just puts her head down and shakes it.
Daran, speaking softly, says, "Neverwinter Woods is my home.  I can ensure anyone who travels through will be safe."
@Russell, accept a copy of Heston? (Type yes/no)
Transfer not confirmed, aborting.
Maouelue eyes the half-elf for a long beat. “Thank you Daran. Is there aught else you would tell us about the Wood? What of your people there?”
Daran looks at the ground for a few beats, the awkward silence growing.  Finally he looks up, directly into Maouelue's eyes, and says, "None of my people there any longer.  There are... places we should avoid, and I can help you with that.  The safest route is around, but if there is a need to go through, I can help.  All manners of things are drawn to the woods."
“I...I am sorry dear Daran. I can see there is great pain this causes you. I will pry no further.”
“I think we would do well not to fracture our fellowship into too many groups. I am of a mind to have those that would go to Longsaddle establish a foothold in the community. I shall lead a party into Neverwinter. I will not ask any of you to brave this with me, but would welcome any support may it be forthcoming.”
“Daran, there may not be need to delve too far into the Forest, but I would appreciate its cover rather than the suspicion and exposure of the road. I will follow your lead in your domain.”
He nods.  But you can tell he's still holding something back.   The rest of the group seem bolstered by the fact they won't be individually left alone on a task.  Welcoming the challenge, Van says, "I can take Heston with me to Longsaddle.  We can round up some folks and then meet back here?  Or I can just ride with them to Neverwinter and we can march from there, too.  Your call, Mao."
@Russell, accept a copy of Heston? (Type yes/no)
yes
Copied Heston to Maouelue/Dieter's storage.
"Good, good. I would have you stay in Longsaddle for the time being. If you are able, send word ahead to anyone who may be friends to our cause in Neverwinter. Vam you mentioned you know a few merchants. Can we trust anyone to give us a place to lay low when we get there?"
"You'll be faster than anyone or anything I can send along.  But when you get to Neverwinter you can check in with Liset Cheldar.  She owns the Moonstone Inn, in the Protector's Enclave.  She'll be able to put you up and find things you need.  Might even introduce you to the Lord Protector hisself!  He'd be able to get a force to be reckoned with, being on the Alliance and all!"
"That would be welcome indeed. We might do well to gain such an ally in our cause. Where should we send word to reach you to let you know of our arrival?"
Bellatrix breaks in and says, softly, "I may be able to help with that.  If there shall be two groups, this method of communication will suffice."  She pulls two stones out of her pack.  A sigil it etched into each stone, the same on both.  She hands one to Vam, then one to Maouelue.
"These are sending stones.  They carry a message only to the other, and it can only be sent or retrieved if the bearer or sender speaks the correct word."
Maouelue inspects the stones intently. "Dear me! Dieter has a set just like these! I don't think we rightly knew their use or we would be in a hell of a lot better spot right now!"
"If only we could reach him."
The glow in Maouelue's eyes dims considerably at the thought of his missing friend.
She stares at Maouelue.  "To send or receive, the word is *vuorl*."  She puts a hand in Maouelue's.  "We must stop by my mirror before we travel to Neverwinter."
"You will ride with us then, my lady?"
"I will.  But not before I scry for Dieter."
"Yes, I would very much love to see what we can of him. Any information we can gain of his status will be of immense service. Vam, Heston, Daran, you should come too. We had all best be informed. Let us to this at once."
All nod in agreement, saddle up, and are ready to go.
The trip is quick, seeing as how this time you have Bellatrix in the lead.  She welcomes all into her home, unveils the mirror, and stands before it pensively.
Maouelue is caught by a wave of nostalgia and reminiscence of how simple things had seemed back when they were first here.
She wrings her hands, then takes a deep breath.  She places her hand on the mirror's surface.  The reflection fades to black, grey smoke swirls, coalesces.  Colors appear, render into shapes.  The forms take on the visage of Dieter and another man, very well known to Maouelue.  The man is sitting in a cell, looking at Dieter occasionally.  Dieter is unconscious in the bed next to him.  Another form can be seen hazily in a third bed.
Bellatrix, her hands on both sides of the mirror now, knuckles white, focuses her gaze more.  The picture recedes out of the door, up hallways, through walls.  It takes some time, but after a few beats, a citadel comes into view.  It's dark stairs lead to a spired set of towers, all decrepit and crumbling.
