strange-tensionDouglas clasps the wizard's shoulder, gives it a squeeze, and says, "Many, many thanks, my friend.  But no need.  I have my souvenir from Krytos."  He pats the goblin scimitar with his other hand, smiling.
*Something deep within Maouelue’s spirit stirs at this selfless gesture.*
She ponders for a moment.  "Actually, would these work at all?"  She shows you small remnants of her smelting, similar to ball bearings.  Various sizes are strewn on the floor.  She grabs a few of the bigger ones and says, "Would these work, or do you need them a certain weight or size?"
"I'll have to make a mold, but I could get those done in a day.  Tomorrow, by the time I close, I'll have 'em ready for ya.  I'll keep the remaining silver as payment, or make it one gold and I'll give you the molding box?"
“Aye, I’ll take the box as well. Many thanks m’lady! We shall return on the morrow!”
*Excitedly the crew turns and leaves the smithy, Maouelue with new long sword in hand along side his quarterstaff, and Dieter with a serene glow in his eyes.*


Further down the SW/NE road (named Shepherd's Pass by the locals), near the end of the northern stretch of road, is a beautifully kept storefront with a variety of fun wood knickknacks on display.  The enclosed porch has a plethora of wood workings, everything from kids puzzles to attachments for farming implements.
There is an old woman sitting on a well polished rocking chair, asleep.  Dogs run around the side yard and you hear a yell from the back of the house, "Dammit, stop that catterwallin' ya crazy animals!"
*The group enters the store taking care not to wake the sleeping woman. They examine the wares idly for a few moments and Maouelue peruses for a sling, or the like.*
The whole house seems to be a both a storefront and living quarters.  A small bell rings when the door is opened, and a minute or so later, an old man enters from the back.  He doffs his floppy hat, nods his head toward the group, and says, "Howdee folks, what can I do for ye?"
"Oh, aye, got slings, blowshots, slingshots - both hand and stick.  Got some real nice light crossbows, longbows, and shortbows as well.  I do the woodworking and carving,  Saynea helps with the metal parts where it needs it.  M' wife Benna does the stitching and weaving, and she does a right fine job. Got a beauty of a net she just wove, won't break unless you're netting a dragon, handiwork guaranteed!"
The old man, with his white wispy hair blowing gently in the breeze and  sparse white beard, looks astonished down at the gleaming silver in the wizard's hands.
"A... Aye, stranger, that'll do kindly."  He looks through the group again, as if trying to recognize or at least remember your faces.  "Please, take a look around, see if there's anything else that catches your fancy!"
He quickly takes the silver ore from Maouelue and says, "Thank ye, and the net is out front next to Benna."  He hands you two slings as well. (3 silver ore, correct?)

*The group begins to head out the door. Dieter remembers something and turns back momentarily.*
The old man scratches his head for a beat.
"Not an established apothecary, but there's old Trix in the forest.  She might be able to fix you up with something.  Glad to hear these bits will do some good, too much evil in the world today.  You folks ever need anything, come on back.  This is The Bending Oak, and my name is Kentham.  Happy to know you fellas."
The slings are sturdy but unremarkable.  The net, you now notice, is expertly made.  What is normally a gold piece at a regular city shop, and is typically made of rough rope, this...  Fine leather strands mixed with hempen rope twine is interweaved with multihued gossamer thread the likes of which you've never heard of before.  It catches the light at strange angles, and you realize you can partially see through sections.  (Anyone proficient in arcana can make an check.)

This is a net of invisibility.  The gossamer threads, upon closer inspection, are strands of the old woman's hair.
*The group departs the shoppe and makes haste toward the forest mentioned by the shopkeep. Dieter mumbles something about hoping his henchmen are faring well in their protection of their goods before heading out of town.*
*Maouelue hands Dieter a sling and the net, hanging on to his own and pulling out his new longsword for closet inspection. As they wander toward the forest, they keep an eye out for any appropriately-sized stones for their slings. Dieter has a particular interest in getting stones.*
It's getting on dusk now, and the village is still congregating at The Pig and Falcon.  Avoiding their gazes for the time being, the three adventurers move on NE (after getting basic directions from Kentham) in the directions of the forest.  Dieter finds 20 stones suitable to his liking.
*Dieter hands 10 stones to Maouelue*



Deleted counter stones.

