strange-tension*The other two men nod in acknowledgment and follow straight way.*



*Maouelue nods in assent and they head off toward the inn taking care to obscure their progress as much as possible.*


You make it to the Sleeping Sheep without being seen, you believe.
*They head in and apprise the proprietor of their intent to grab a few things and quickly leave again so that he shouldn’t be bothered fixing anything up for the crew.*
*They enter their room and begin stowing what ore they can carry. About 20lbs each. They beckon a henchmen to follow along with them as they exit, leaving three henchmen behind.*
*On their way out the door, Dieter asks the owner if there is a woodworker or smithy in town they might barter with.*
"Of course, lad.  If you're looking for woodworking or carving, that would be Kentham.  Our resident smithy is a brawny lass named Saynea."  He draws up a quick map of the town for your and points you to the shops.
He bows his head to you and says, "Well met, young lad.  Name's Denson Amman."
"Oh, we'll keep your things safe and secure, don't you worry.  And the light'll be on all night.  Feel free to come and go as you need.  If I'm not here, my daughter, Kirra, will be manning the desk.  You have a good eve as well.  Stay safe."
*They nod and exit the inn. Dieter leads, flanked just behind by Douglas and the henchman, whom Dieter has nicknamed in his mind Frenchman the Henchmen or Frenchy for short, Maouelue brings up the rear, holding on loosely to his companion’s sudden zeal.*
*Dieter leads on first to the smithy and takes note of the kind of quality craftsmanship he might expect as he approaches, examining the building.*
The building is simple, sturdy, and empty save for the burly woman at the anvil.  The front of her building is completely open, letting people see her work and craftsmanship. 
 Hot metal is being beaten with fine precision.  Her red hair is tied in a tight bun, muscles ripple in her arms and shoulders.  Her smock and face are covered in sweat.
She doesn't hear you coming, the sound of the hammering and the forge are loud.  Plus she is extremely focused.
She looks up and wipes the sweat from her brow with an arm. 
"Aye, what can I help you boys with?"  She goes back to hammering.  "Sorry, I have a limited time with this as it's hot now.  Let me know what yer looking for, or have a look around.  Everything's for sale."
*They inspect the goods for sale and Dieter steps up to Saynea.*
She picks up her head, interested.  "I've had occasion to silver some weapons.  I can make ewers or goblets, might take a bit 'o time, though.  I can do well with detail work, but the more detail, the more time I need.   What did you have in mind?"
She stares at you.  Then slowly starts nodding.  Grabbing a piece of parchment from her front counter, she starts jotting down ideas, then starts drawing.
It's a decent representation of what you want.
"If you want it quick, it'll be 2 pounds of silver ore.  Cost'll be 2 gold and I keep the remaining ore.  Could get it to you in day and a half.  Better detail work, say 3 gold and 3 days."
no
Overwrite unconfirmed. Aborting.


*Dieter takes the drawing from Saynea and considers it, idly sketching a few changes to the angles here and there. He also seems to be inscribing something intently.*
"Pardon," she says to Dieter, moves over to the wizard.
"Okay, lad, we got chain armor at 50 gold, scale mail is the same price there.  Goes up a bit with the breastplate, solid steel there, that'll run you 480 gold.  Have some shields, too.  Couple double mounted, good oak core.  15 gold for those.  Solid steel is going to be 25.  I can engrave or detail anything you want, too.
"Now, weapons, if I don't have it in stock, I can make it right quick.  Short and long swords are over there, 10 and 15 gold respectively.  I have maces, cudgels.  Do a fine bit o' work with staffs and range weaponry too.  Just basically depends on what you fancy.
"Anything else, let me know, I can probably draw up some plans to suit your needs, like we're doing for your friend there."
"Sure thing, be right there."
*To Maouelue* "Take your time.  When you have things together, bring them on up and we'll get you squared away."
"...," looks around, "No...  I don't have a sling, actually.  Woodworker might be able to help you there. Sorry about that."
"Deal."  She holds out her hand, smiling.
"Say half now, gimme three days.  I'll let you inspect it first before the final payment?"
*Dieter hands over 10 chunks of silver in payment and 2 lbs worth of ore.*
Saynea is surprised at first, but she looks it over.  Nodding, she smiles and brings the supplies over to her forge to prep.
"Aye, sure.  Let's see what you have."  She's still getting things together at the forge, but it's an open workspace and everyone can roam freely around, even right up to where she's working.
*Maouelue chooses a long sword of his liking and offers Douglas his pick of one standard weapon as a gesture of thanks for his companionship in this unfolding journey.*
