strange-tensionMaouelue takes the ring and puts it round his index finger on his right hand.
As soon as Maouelue touches the ring, he feels different.  He can't pinpoint it, but does feel different that he had before.  

"Two more things.  One, strength and intelligence will get you far.  But, for the long road, you might find that your greatest need is a strong spine and a deeper understanding of things.

(The ring gives you +4 Wis, +2 Int, and +4 Con)
"Lastly, I believe your biggest fear can be allayed with this...
Lanrion waves his hand at the wall and a picture comes, crystal clear, upon it.  It is a moving picture, complete with sound.  It is of a young bearded man, of whom Maouelue is familiar with.  A gigantic snail comes up from behind him, but it looks friendly to the man.  Another man comes into the picture, dressed in common clothes.  In his hands, a specially made sword-staff.  He is looking intently at a tapestry that Maouelue can see bears a skull in a triangle setting, all on a black background.
"Dieter...

Can it be? 

And with Frumious to boot! Looks like our dear Druid is not without hope after all!

And what of this symbol....the trinity of death...

But fear not, says the wise wizard before me. I am aided and abetted, now I see that I had better be off and offer my aid!

Something is odd though...Frumious..., why would he rejoin? Hadn't he stolen off with quite a bit if Platinum hence. What circumstances could put the two back together within the Citadel, if that is where they truly  sit now.

The pair look amicable enough...ah, but I ramble...

How is it that you can show me this? How is it that you know?"
Lanrion pats the younger wizard on the shoulder.  "Perhaps, when all of this is over, you can join me over another cup of tea.  There is much more I would share with you."  He smiles, then conjures the teapot again to freshen cups.
Maouelue seaches the wizard's face. For a moment, he is reminded of Shi'Vandos, far away, through the veil, back in his academy tower, listening to an adage about the difference between tales and trails. It is a well-timed reminder to keep his head. Something about the Feywild...

*His eyes drift over to Bellatrix as he contemplates.*
She's still watching the moving picture on the wall.  Benna hiccups and giggle.  Daran has gotten up to speak with the guards.
The young wizard walks over to her, clearing his throat gently as he approaches. 

"What do you make of it Bella?"
She cocks her head to the side, still watching the wall.  "It's old magic.  He seems to know what he's talking about, too.  Do you think we could convince him to join us?"
She looks to Mao with smirk.
"Something tells me this old elf goes when and where he pleases."
She laughs.  Daran comes back behind the chairs of the two and says, "Sounds like we should be going.  Queen wants to talk to us soon, brief us on the raid.  We good here, Maouelue?"
“Yes indeed. I am sorry for my indulgence. Let’s us away.”

“Lanrion, thank you for your wisdom. I will meet you in the future for that follow-up tea.”
The old wizard gets up, escorting everyone to his door.  "The pleasure would be all mine.  And when you do meet back up with your friend, don't make a big deal of his new pet."  He pats Maouelue on the shoulder.  "Please feel free to come back, any time."
Maouelue wonders at the meaning of the former, but keeps it to himself. “We’ll see you again. Goodbye.”
He leads them back over to the coach and this time stays intent on his companions rather than himself, laughing about their sojourn. It has been a nice change of pace, though their next moves were bound to be fraught with danger.
Everyone packs up and loads out, the old wizard stands waiving while the coach pulls away.  Maouelue is able to get one more spell in his book before the carriage arrives back at Starlight Castle.  They're ushered out and guards guide them to another room just off of the throne room.  As the group enters, a large map is unfurled on the table, magic is giving it a three-dimensional view.  The southern forests and their large bushy trees blend into the massive maze in the West.  The sea glistens in the North, just beyond the City of Starlight.  The Queen and King are huddled over the map, pointing at several areas, while another lithe summer eladrin in battle armor, helm off, stands next to them, taking in their direction.  They all notice the group coming in.  The Queen's servants usher everyone to seats, deliver drinks, and the meeting starts in earnest.
The Queen begins, "Thank you all for joining us, I know it's late.  After a much needed rest, we are planning for the full raid.  There has been a slight change of plans.  After speaking with our head of the military, Jelentrianna, we have decided a direct strike to a major base would be the best route.  If we can take out a major general and raze one of their dominant bases, it would go a long way to turn the tide.
"I'll let Jelentrianna explain more."  She steps back to let the armored eladrin address the group.
