strange-tensionDouglas, still stuffing bacon and biscuits in his pockets for later, says, "Right.  I'm on it," and exits hastily. 
Kirra nods, saying, "He should be back any moment now.  Unless there were other things for the Council to discuss.  They're our elders of the town, and sometimes it takes a bit to get them all together at the same time.  Should be about finished, though, I'd expect."  She smiles at the two of you and continues cleaning the remains of the meal.
*Dieter gives a cursory nod then turns back to his vittles. Maouelue’s eyes however, linger a while on Kirra as he smiles back, perhaps a bit more broadly than usual.*
*The two adventurers make themselves comfortable while they await the return of their host.*
A couple hours later, Maouelue and Dieter start to get a little worried, Denson still isn't back yet.  Minutes later, you hear loud banging from down the hall, towards the rooms.
*They both jump up at the sound and immediately go to investigate the sound source.*
As they approach the damaged section of the building, hammering and sawing sounds grow louder.  The scene displays itself as a group of burly men handling lumber and tools, working at an extremely fast pace in rebuilding the fire-affected room.  Denson is there, directing the work.
"Friends!  Looks like we'll have this back up and running in no time, eh?  Glad Kirra was able to assist you gentlemen.  As for the Council," he says, looking around, "let us away to a more secluded spot.  One with less ears, eh?!"   He leads you out of the room and to a locked door past the kitchens.  The room is comfortable for the three, chairs are offered.  Denson pulls a dark brown bottle of something and three glasses. He sets them out on the table, pours a thick amber liquid, and knocks the bottle against them, offering them up.
He swigs his in one, grimaces while he sets the glass back down.  He pours another while he starts talking. 
"There are five elders of the Oakhurst Council.  They are all venerated members of this community; business owners, folks that have lived here their entire lives.  Which says a lot, because we're kind-of known as a transition town.  People come, people go.  Not too man stay, if you catch my drift."
"The Five make all of the government-type decisions facing the town.  They also tend to know the scuttlebutt before anyone else.  They keep things close to their collective vests, however.  The rest of us just find a way to...  work within their system.  Don't get me wrong, they are fair, good people.  They take a deep responsibility for this town. Their town.  With that being said, they'd like to meet with you.  Tonight, to be to the point."
"I said I would ask you fellows.  There's no pressure, you don't have to meet with them if you'd rather not.  I did pass along your message, Master Wizard.  They are...  intrigued.  No one's really expressed interest, especially at this level.  I believe they want to share with you some information to help you...  To help solidify your choice.  Or not.  Guess it's up to you lads."  He smiles and sips at his drink.
*Dieter and Maouelue each take their drinks in one and set them down.*
“Pardon our haste, but we must not dally. Culver suffers dearly for each passing moment we delay. We have...seen it.”
"Oh, you've seen Culver?  And he's hurt?  By all means, take what you need.  But, beggin' your pardon...  There was no chest in that room.  I scoured it thoroughly, and I didn't see a chest of any sort.  Nor any minecart.  I think that might have been a casualty, too.  Again, many apologies lads."
The chest was made of thick wood with iron bands.  The minecart was made of wooden walls with metal bracing on the bottom and metal wheel parts.  Maouelue found a good amount of metal left after the fire.  No iron bands or wheel bits, though.  The silver ore was strewn over the floor and the coins were in a pile in a puddle of water.
"Aye!  Safe travels.  Oh, and be wary of the Muhlen sisters.  They can be... trying."  He smiles and ushers you out.
*As they open the door to leave, they see Douglas coming down the road with the cart and they proceed with the loading of all their possessions. As they do, they ask Denson if they can pay him some silver for his troubles.*
"Many thanks, gentlemen."  He bows to you both.  "Anything I can do to help, please let me know."


*The group, eager to get on their way, pushes the cart quickly to the forge and seek Saynea to check on the status of their custom orders.*
The party makes their way to the smithee, minecart in tow.  The same steady hammering can be heard as before, however it has more pronounced notes.  Saynea is smoothing out some bits of Dieter's sword edge, forming the bevels and tempering it.  She looks up as the group comes in, and she smiles.
"Hoy there!  Glad you could stop by today!  Got some things to show you."
She takes the large silver spheres out, shows them to Maouelue for his inspection.
*Maouelue takes them in hand and looks over the smooth silver orbs.*
She bows her head. "Thank you kindly!  Here is the mold, as promised.  Any time you need more, come on back in."
"And for you," she says to Dieter, "I'm almost finished with the sword end."
"The totem will take a couple more days."
"If you'd like, leave your staff and I can finish it and affix it in a couple more hours?"
She slowly nods, "Sure, and thank you for the trust.  I'll put this in the back room for safety."
