strange-tensionDieter closes his eyes, taps into his druidic roots, finds the flow.  The water in his mind washes over him, turns to dust and grit as a small child grabs him by the hand, leads him to an ancient pyramid somewhere amidst massive sand dunes.  They walk through the massive entry way, make their way deep, deeper into the darkening rooms.  Finally, the last room has a shaft of light illuminating a small disc on a plinth.  The disc that Dieter is holding now.  Instantly, as his mind-self reaches out and touches the object, both entities are flooded with ancient knowledge about the inescapably unique artifact...
*The Annulus has several powers, all of which require a wielder to tightly grasp the ring with at least one hand. When it is first grasped, knowledge of the artifact’s powers immediately flood the wielder’s mind.*
As Dieter grasps the object a burst of low frequency energy seems to blast inward, momentarily silencing the ambience around him. He both feels and hears a static sizzle lingering in the air around him as he rebounds back into the full sonic plane. Immediately, he turns to Flayco and casts a careworn look in his direction, fearing the worst.
The Annulus generates a continuous catapsi (nullified psionic field) effect within a 30-foot-radius of the wielder.
The wielder gains a +4 bonus on any attempt to resist an effect that deals psionic damage.
Once per day, the wielder can trigger ultrablast as a standard action.  (Redirects psionic damage back onto the attacker.)
As a standard action, the wielder can trigger an effect similar to dimensional anchor that affects all psionic-based creatures in a 50-foot radius.
Dieter, seeing that his pup is ok, examines the disc deeply. “Yes. Yeeeeeessssss.” He mutters under his breath.
“What’s down there Jaecob?”, He sidles up to the edge.
"You... ah..."  He looks gravely at you.  "You don't want to know."
Tremendous sucking sounds start up from the depths, as if some lumbering creature were slinking up the pit.

Dieter looks deep into the pit.  With his newfound weapon, he is feeling confident.  Ready to tackle *anything* that might threaten his family.  Jaecob lights a torch quickly, needing to see better.  What they see is a black pile of ooze, covered in red eyes and viscous looking mouths, using it's black tentacles to reach and push itself up the sides of the pit.  It's slowly coming up, but it just might be gaining some momentum.  The mouths are all saying something, all at the same time.  Gibbering, shouting, cursing, whispering, all happening at the same time.  Some laugh, and high-pitched cackling echoes throughout the area.  Worse yet, the eyes seems to be locked onto the now lit torch.  A roar/hiss/groan/laugh screams out at the duo.
“Ready for the bonfire?” Dieter questions his companions with a wink.

He sends the great ball of fire down into the hole of goo.
Jar on begins pelting magic stones down at the fiend below.
Created attack Magic Stones!
Are you sure you want to delete Magic Stones?
yes
Okay, deleted attack Magic Stones.



Deleted counter Magic Stones.

The ball of flame sears the side of the monstrous gibbering mouther, still about 60 feet below the group.  It tears a section off the creature as it continues to move, swiftly now, up the sides of the pit.
GI1 was added to combat with initiative 1d20 (3) - 1 = `2`.
FL1 was added to combat with initiative 1d20 (3) - 3 = `0`.
17
BL1 was added to combat with initiative 1d20 (9) + 2 = `11`.
Added note.
Added note.



Flayco hops back in fear about 10 feet away from the pit.
It is not your turn.

Dieter send more fire down the way of the giant ooze.

Flayco, "Rrraaaaawwwk!!!"

The flames retract back to the beast, searing it again.  Although the monstrosity is massive, it seems very dexterous and avoids a good amount of the damage.  The mouths, eyes, ooze is getting closer.  It moves within 30 feet of the group now.
Taking it's extended dash action, it will move another 20 feet, just to the mouth of the pit.  Everyone can now see the disgusting sight of the creature.  It appears bodies of drow, illithid, and a myriad of other denizens of the underdark were boiled down and reassembled, poorly, into a mass of flesh, muscles, and viscous liquid.  The thing roils around, but seems to have appendages it can manifest at will.  Constant chattering and gibbering come from it, causing all of the party to get confused, the voices rattling around in your heads.  As it gets closer, you all can see the stone of the pit is quickly turning soft, mushy.  
(Mechanics - Wisdom save at the start of each turn, DC 10.  If you fail, roll a d8.  The floor around the creature in a 10ft radius is difficult terrain, which covers everybody at this time - with the exception of maybe Shelli.  To move, strength check, DC 10.  On a fail, movement is zero.  I'll update Roll20 asap.  Morning!!!  And welcome to HELL!!!! 😆)




It is not your turn.

Jaecob, his rage having dwindled in the interim while he assisted with the Annulus, breathes heavily, wiping streams of sweat from his once-again furrowed brow. The tingling of iron on his tongue still fresh from the bloodlust. He lunges at the grotesque giant and slashes deeply with his sword!


"Back to hell! Bugger off you filth!"
He darts back 20 toward the dais while the creature is stunned.

Flayco spews forth a great stream of acid into the many muddled faces of the grotesque blob, then preens as he looks up at Dieter adoringly, a mass of slimy tentacles and wings flapping about excitedly.
It is not your turn.
Flayco also flutters back to the outer ring of the room.
