strange-tensionDieter hoists Briffo’s body up onto his shoulder and picks up his boomerang. He fits the Ring of Invisibility into his jacket pocket and heads out to the front door in large sweeping strides. Maouelue follows, sorting out a few of Briffo’s knickknacks as he tries to keep pace. 

Dieter is now producing small flames here and there setting a char on fire now a curtain now a rotting canvas. He has a carnal fury about him and his inner rage roils to an inferno. He unleashes every ounce of agony blistering every artifice he can find as he strides the group out to the entryway.*
Thunder rolls as the group leaves the house.  Small fires turn to big fires.  The group are about a hundred feet away when a crack of lightening hits the house full bore.  The rest of the second floor collapses.  The fires expand and the former beautiful mansion burns unabated.  Suspiciously, the rain has stopped.
*Maouelue hands Dieter the Rod of Sky Fire. Dieter obliges and points it straight at the conflagration. He waits for a moment, watching the flames rise, then fires off one blast directly at what used to be the front door.*
The firework adds to the spectacle of the burning house.  A fitting tribute to the bard.  
Looking around now, you...  can't find the horses...



*The group heads back toward the resting spot at the edge of the river where they met Briffo. They lay down their things and make a small camp, then Dieter begins digging at the ground with his staff, outlining a grave site. Maouelue collects stones and Dieter imbues each of them with magic as they make a small mausoleum for their friend. He had been together with them for only such a short time, yet made such an impression. They would lay him to rest here and seek out the smiling young lady halfling to inform her of these foul tidings.*




[850 xp each]




*As the duo say their final words of respect, they once again each make an F-shaped gesture to the fallen, then stand there in silence for what seems like half an hour. The sun is setting over the smouldering flames and the fel smoke mixes with the clouds and roar of the blaze entwines with the spirit voices of so many tormented Muhlen children who may finally be given some form of peace, however perverse. 

A red sky and a sense of finality encompass the two magicians. Each takes solace in their evening ablutions, one zen-like step in front of the other. They lay their bedrolls in the spot where they had first seen Briffo, enjoying the sounds of the wind and river, a pure soul seeking a moment of tranquility. What fate had in store...what hubris...

They lay there and the grief takes its exhausting toll, Dieter’s eyes flutter as he takes one more look at the stone mausoleum before whispering, “For Briffo...” and expiring into slumber. 

Maouelue goes into a trance, meditating on all that has happened today, the cheerful encounter with their would-be companion, the magic rings, the glowing sigils, the undead...Swirling clouds of necrosis begin to mingle with his vision and dark deeds are obfuscated by shadow, words drowned by hideous laughter...then a host of smiling faces...the spirits of children all stretching out hands and welcoming a singing halfling into their fold. 

Maouelue’s trance begins to wane as he hears the sound of the song ebb into the sounds of the river and trees. He lays eyes on his companion’s slumber. “Let him sleep,” he thinks to himself, then proceeds to inspect their new equipment and keep watch on the camp while awaiting the dawn. The sky is now a dark purple, the moon ringed by seven bright stars shines down on the Wizard. “Selene, watch over us.”Be our light in the darkness, be our shield from death. Be the one who stays our dying breath...”*
The pair's slumber is calm, restorative.  There are strange visions occasionally flitting past, however.  Quick visions of a man with a moustache, of two serpentine sisters, of dark tunnels leading into the world; occasional frights to bitter the sweet memories of their friend's send off.  

The stars wink at Dieter.  Telling of arcane, unknowable secrets.  One of the stars goes out.  Comes back again.  The world then gets covered in darkness, but for only a second.  Whatever just passed over the moon must have been huge.  And either far away or silent.  Dieter keeps his vigil.  (Survival check from Dieter, please!)

Dieter can't make out what flew overhead.  Whatever it was, it sent a shiver down his spine.
Eventually the two come out of their slumber and reverie, refreshed and ready for the next leg of their journey.  (Where to?)
*Dieter packs up his things and mounts his Clydesdale with one backward glance at the mausoleum. Maoulue follows suit, and in the morning light, the two trot back over to the smouldering remnants of Muhlen Manor. Their pace slows as they approach and inspect the grounds for safe passage back to the center of the ruin.*
