strange-tensionMaouelue senses that a door has opened and closed.
Maouelue is getting quite unsettled now. Fully depleted, unable to see, hurting badly from a long long day, he heaves heavily. He feels his way around gingerly to the edge of the room to try and find a door, hoping to at least open it and disperse some of this fog. He is in grave danger now.
The Dragon Mage reaches out, finds the wall, and is able to find a door.  (Go through?)
He listens at the door a moment hoping not to hear any voices behind.
Fighting and booming is still coming from all around, but there doesn't seem to be voices directly behind the door.
He opens it.
The door opens to a long hall lines with cots.  All are in disarray, as if people were pulled away in a hurry.  Sounds of fighting is getting louder.  There is a small hall on the N wall, and there is another door on the W wall, 100 feet away.  Each cot has a small chest by it's foot.
Maouelue makes to lock or barricade both doors as best he can, then looking through a few of the footlockers to see what he might use to his advantage. 

“I hope this works...” he thinks to himself.

The doors are barricaded, the sounds of fighting move closer.  Each trunk has something in it.  Maouelue finds four potions of healing, six standard daggers, three sets of noble's clothes, one vial of drow poison, one potion of invisibility, and one holy symbol of Llolth.
Maouelue thanks the stars that some luck seems to come his way. He quaffs a potion greedily.
His thirst sets in like one who has been long in the desert. He unstoppers another.
He burps a bit, grossly resounding in his steel helm.

Maouelue slumps into the remotest corner of the room far away from the doors after tidying up the chests as best he can. He holds the potion of invisibility at the ready and harries himself in to the most functional of reveries. He meditates on all he has been told and all he has read of Mag Tureah. His mind palace's walkways merge with the dark corridors of the keep...
Maouelue thinks on Mag Tureah, and remembers almost immediately that it is a Fomorian stronghold, with ogres and goblins and unseelie en masse.  A twinge hits him that...  where he is now...  is not Mag Tureah.  It is the Fortress of the Queen of Air and Darkness, her secret, hidden keep.  There should be another crystal here, one that should get him back to the Pale Prince's keep.  The sounds of fighting must be the Summer Court's forces... but that would mean either a good amount of time has passed (which is highly likely) or that the Summer Court possibly changed their strategy.  Or it might be a civil insurrection, too...
Maouelue meditates in the corner, resting as much as he can in the enemy's bunker.  Complete with the short/long rest, he comes to hearing the fighting has ebbed away slightly.



[2000 xp]


Ever since Maouelue touched the chardalyn shard, he's been feeling strange - as if he can feel the presence of the crystals around him.  A possible side effect?  He's not quite sure, but he does sense the presence of a *very* large shard somewhere to the NW of the room.
And it is fairly close.

Maouelue turns on the spot and, as if on a tractor beam, gets sucked right in towards the source of magic.
*He sniffs for it.*
Maouelue moves to the W door, almost as if under a spell.  While facing the door, he can feel it - *smell* it - to his right, and a little in front...  directly NNW.  And it seems to be pulsing.
Now he leans in. He listens to its rhythm
It's a steady pulse, one that brings Maouelue back to his roots...  and then it starts to strike an ominous tone.  Perhaps it's the atmosphere, maybe it's the essence of the chardalyn itself, but as Maouelue listens to the inherent beat of the crystal's call, he starts getting very worried.


Maouelue creates a gentle rain to drizzle down upon the hurting shard and blesses it as the water falls softly, slowly.
Is it a trick of the light, or does he see a tiny Bellatrix inside the crystal, twirling, dancing?

The door opens on a hallway to the right and Maouelue immediately sees the massive chardalyn structure.  It appears to be growing out of the rough stone of the keep, branching several directions as a multitude of individual spires erupt from the central core of the boulder-sized hub.  He peers into the gem and can see Bellatrix dancing, Benna cackling, and...  a strange figure creeping in from the left side of the crystal shard.  He can't see quite yet, but it stands to reason that the room opens up fairly wide to accommodate the many devotees who would honor the shard.  The snarls of some nasty, slavering beast get closer, coming from the W side of the room...
"The time comes for all of us to face our demons in the end." He says as he pursues the slavering sounds.
Maouelue clanks slowly toward the sound.

