strange-tensionThe party heads back to Oakhurst, the small town where you first met Culver and heard about Douglas's plight.  As you crest the ridge of the hill and head into outskirts of the town, children see your party coming and run up to you, throwing questions at you left and right.  Some run ahead to tell the townspeople of your coming.  By the time the seven of you finally get into the town proper, you're legends.  The wealth in your cart is more than most people in Oakhurst see in a lifetime.
There are questions upon questions upon questions.  Offers of free drink and food at the Pig and Falcon come from the owner and patrons alike.  Merchants come up to you offering their wares at a discount, slyly peeking at the glorious wealth in your cart.
Oakhurst
You search for Culver, he's nowhere to be found amongst the adoring crowd.
Everyone quiets a bit and looks around from one to the other.  They call out for Culver, a few even send for him at his storefront.  Cheers go up and rise when the word of the Pig and Falcon come up.  Seems like the crowd will be heading there directly to save a good spot.


Some people did see the chest.  Dieter gets a *very* lowball offer for it.
*The crew heads to the Pig and Falcon. Maouelue asks Douglas to arrange a room and a private entrance if possible.*
There are people literally falling out of Pig and Falcon.  Standing room only.  There is a table saved in absolute center of the room, waiting for your arrival.
*They head to The Sleeping Sheep and Maouelue enters to inquire about lodging. Dieter hangs back outside to guard the cart.*
As Maouelue enters in and secures lodging for the minecart and the two original adventurers, a younger boy runs up to Dieter.
He doubles over, catches his breath, and blurts out, "Culver's shop...  Robbed..."
"Just got back from checking... Didn't see it happen.  Don't know what happened.  Name's Seeder?"
He gives you a weird look.
"Co stable?"
"Ah...  We take care of our own here, m'lord.  I'll get my pa!"
He nods and runs toward the tavern.
*Dieter shuffles toward the Inn entrance and cracks the door open to peek in on how Maouelue is faring.*
*Maouelue sees the keen look on Dieter’s face and hurries back to the entrance.*
*The crew shuffles their mine cart and sundries to the room. Dieter and Maouelue tell the henchmen to stand guard over the cart while they inspect Culver’s.*
There is a crowd now outside, pitchforks and a couple machetes are wielded.  They usher you to Culver's shop.
Named Cork and Tow, it sells fishing and farming supplies.  There are wood planks over the front windows, the storm shades.   It has not been storming.
Blank looks look back at you.  One peeps up, "Saw him last night, he was at The Pig."  Some yells of assent.
The front door is ajar.
*The party moves in and begins to investigate.*
The party enters in one by one to a room of chaos.  What was treated with love and care has been torn apart, piece by piece.  Detritus litters the floor, shelving is knocked over.  Large casks of some oily substance have been broken over, the contents seeping over what is now refuse.  The walls have been gouged by implements of some sort, leaving long gashes throughout.  At one time a quaint metal candle holder hung from the ceiling, now it hangs askew, almost touching the ground.
Several people try to peek in, you hear gasps and hurried voices from behind the door.
*Dieter implores then for quiet and begins to inspect the gouges to try and determine e what type of tool was used for this destruction. 

Maouelue bends over and sniffs the ooze running his finger through it, testing for viscosity while trying to identify it.

They ask Douglas to keep the townsfolk out of the scene of the crime and suggest that those willing fan out and keep an eye around the perimeter.*
Douglas nods and goes to do crowd control.  (Inv checks for Dieter and Maouelue.)


There is just too much going on in this room.  (Give me another for each, just for fun!  If you want to focus on something else, too, let me know.)
*Maouelue, in a sort of wistful gesture, attempts to right the sconce that had been knocked askew, as if this might at least start the process of getting back to normal. 

Dieter moves toward the back of the shop looking for any additional rooms or crannies.*


Deiter is starting to think that maybe an animal got in and got loose on some things.
Maouelue, closing his eyes, starts to tap into the Weave to give him some insight into what happened in this humble shop.
In his mind's eye he starts to see ethereal, hooded figures move around the room, as if searching for something.  There are several figures behind the counter area in violence with a darkened figure on the ground.
There is a hulking figure that comes in some time later, from the back, tears through the place, and grabs the figure on the ground by a leg.  Tossing the shape over its shoulder, it lumbers out the back again, the rest of the figures follow.
There is now a cacophony of noise coming from outside the shop.  Douglas is not doing a great job on crowd control.
The crowd disperses, but reluctantly.  Many faces turn back over their shoulders, trying to glimpse what is happening.  Seeder remains behind a bit, but his father pulls him away.
*Dieter motionlessly watches Seeder recede, until at last he disappears around a corner. At that instant Maouelue beckons the group silently to follow him off the street and around the back of Culver’s shop.*
