strange-tensionSitting on the bank of the river, about a couple hundred feet away, is a figure.  It looks like they might be fishing.  They're sitting on a small shoal where the edge of the bank meets the water smoothly.  For most of the trip, the river bank has been about two feet above the water level.
*The riders being their horses to a gentle canter and approach the figure, waving casually in their direction.*
“Ho there!”, shouts Dieter
You both see a halfling man, hairy feet dipped in the water, lying back on the shoal, eyes closed.  As you hail him, he opens his eyes, props himself up on an elbow, and says (in a *thick* cockney brogue), "Ahoy there lads, ahoy there and how're ye doing this fine day, eh?!"
"Those are kind words and kind faces, lads!  Well met, well met indeed.  I was just sunning meself by the bank here, taking a load off as they say.  Been traveling far and anon, singing my songs, telling my tales, of that you can be sure.  The domain...  Oh, aye, the old mansion atop the hill, aye, looks like there could be some good stories about that place, aye, indeed.  Sadly, Briffo Lightfoot has no such knowledge of that stormy looking place..."
He gets up and moves to his pack. "I do have some items that are needing a good home, though?"  He looks at you two, expectantly.
"...  Uh..."  His almost juvenile smile falters massively.  His skin takes on a green pallor.
"Um...  Sh...  Sure, lads.  Let us away!  Did you want to see the wares first, or would you like to see a test of the stores, so to speak?!"
He looks more heartened at this prospect, and opens his bag.
"Briffo Lightfoot carries many a potion, these are but some of what I have to offer," and he pulls out five bottles.  One is red and swirling, a second is a larger bottle of the same variety liquid.  The next is cloudy green, and there looks to be a jellyfish-like creature swimming in it.  The penultimate is a dark purple brew with green bubbles drifting throughout.  Lastly, there is a strange, small vial.  This one is almost pearlescent, rainbow veins of light swirl through it.
"Also, I have these," he puts out a cloth with three rings on them.  One is golden, banded with flecks of emerald.  There is a platinum one with a crest of a shield as a figurehead.  There is another gold one, very scratched and pock-marked.
*They look over the potions and ask after their effects. Maouelue inspects the set of rings closely inquiring about...pricing.*
"Oh, and don't forget these here!"  He takes a roll off of his bag and unravels a few more items, giggling as he does so.  There are a couple small stones he's wrapped tightly together, both with a single matching rune on them.  A long stick of yew wood.  Lastly, there is an oddly glowing rod of a strange material.
*Both men look at each other, then the runes on the stones, casting their mind to the rune coins and thinking whether these match any of them.*
"Oh, pricing, of course!  I could see you are class fellows, I'll give you my friends discount on all of these items.  Now, the bottles are as follows - potions of healing, lesser and greater there.  A potion of waterbreating.  A potion of...  something with necrosis...  And that last... Well, that's a special one.  Not...  not quite sure what that one does.  Looks fancy, though, aye?!"
*He begins digging out the unidentified elven boots and cloak as well as the shortswords of poisoning and the bandolier of poison vials, then lays them out for any potential identification.*


"Oh, bartering!  I would *love* to see...  And *what* do we have *here*?!?!"
The halfling sets to checking out the items you have.  Dieter and Maouelue pick up the stones, unwrap them from their binding and investigate their nature.
The rune is not one from the set you've been looking for, but the wizard does recognize it.  These are sending stones.
A few minutes in, Briffo gets uncomfortable.  "Say fellows, where...  um...  where did you get these items.  Now, mind you, I'm not opposed to some pilfered objects.  Been known to dabble in that trade myself.  Long time ago.  But these...  Lets just say, these are assassin's tools.  The shortswords are enchanted with poison.  This belt - full of poison vials!"
"The boots, enchanted with a stealth spell!  The cloak is elven for sure, I can only assume it has something similar on it.  Too powerful for my detection, though."
"Where might someone concoct such filth? With what reagents?"
*Maouelue studies the rings with arcane intent.*
"First ring there is poison resistance, second one, like the one I have on here, is a ring of protection.  Last one...  Again, I'm at a loss.  Looks pretty beat up.  Don't really remember where I came across it.  Haven't the heart to get rid of it, and no one seems to want to buy it."
*Dieter picks up the scratched gold ring, looking at it more closely.*


Dieter can't quite tell what it is, looks in very bad shape.  Maouelue points to the rod, and the halfling smiles widely.  "Let me show you!"
He picks it up, says, "Stand back a bit."  Then he points the wand in the air and *whoosh* an string of fire darts straight up into the sky.  It climbs, climbs, climbs...  When it's almost out of sight, and looks like it might have fizzled out, the wizard and druid let out the breath they were holding.
