strange-tension"Tell you what, though... if I get another round of healing, I might be able to walk through what's left with you, see what we're working with?"
“Aye Vam. All together now?” He looks at the other two healers in the eyes.

*(Ma)ouelue lets their glamour flicker, eyeing the others in anticipation.*
Maouelue and Daran hover around the man, while Bellatrix kneels at his feet.  They all lay hands and a golden glow surrounds Vam.  As the glow fades, the two women helpers gasp as a whole and hale Vam stands amidst his co-horts.
He looks at his arms and body.  Then he removes the bandage from his face.  Scars are still there, creasing his dark brown skin.  And the eye is still cloudy, not fully healed.  Maybe it never will be.  But the man standing in front of Ouelue and Daran smiles.
"Now...  well, then."  Wetness lines the bottom of his eyes as he looks to his friends with pure thanks.  "Much obliged.  All of you.  Thank you."
"Vam...I am only repaying a debt that was already owed. You helped me and my *missing* friend Dieter in a time of need. We formed an alliance that day, and *one that I aim to keep alive!*"
"Who here will swear fealty to the cause of righteousness and the pursuit of a new valor in these lands!?"
Heston steps forward, but then looks awkward.  "I... uh...  I will.  I don't have any weapons or anything.  Not sure how exactly to swear fealty.  But I'm with you guys!"
"As am I," says Vam, smiling at the young ranch-hand.
"I believe your cause is just, wizard.  As long as you will have me by your sides, I will fight."  Bellatrix's eyes sheen over quickly with a green flash.
"Your will is all that is needed my good men and women, and...both...!" *Their glamour flickers again.
"Pray let us each ready ourselves for the next push at hand. We leave in two hours."

Vam motions to Heston, and they take their leave out the back doors.  Bellatrix goes back to the fire, meditating.




The elf's illusion fades as he sits there in the warmth of the ranch. He comes out of his short reverie and walks out the back door and over to the nearest paddock, seeing what has become of the animals under Vam's care.
He cast his gaze around for Vam as he strolls over the lands, hoping to have a private word.
The lands are sparse now.  The rain has abated enough to show a muddy tract of land devoid of crops, a strange sight to be sure as last you saw it was flush and growing well.   Vam and Heston are in the barn's hayloft, you heard some muffled noises and talking.  There are couple horses, one of which you do recognize as the one Dieter took along on the start of the trek.
The elven reverie has tempered some of the flame that had run so hot at the past meeting and Maouelue pauses at the door to the barn and knocks on the doorframe deferentially.
"I beg your pardon, friends."
"I came to check on the horses. I see one of those you lent us has returned...what news of its mate?"
Vam peeks his head down.  "Unfortunately only this one came back.  Heston's got something interesting up here, if you want to check it out.  Not sure what to make of it, but you might."
"I'm sorry to hear that. A thousand apologies for the loss. She was a good steed for her part. We did not...intend to be underground so long..."
*Maouelue ascends into the hayloft to investigate.*
"No, don't worry about it," he offers you a hand up to the loft.  "Most of the horses we have here are wild, or were at one point.  Heston here is a wizard with calming them, tempering them for farm work.  Other things happening right now, though."
As the Dragon Mage steps up into the loft, he sees Heston sitting on a small stool next to an old chest.  Vam follows over and says, "Hes says it's an old family heirloom.  Haven't seen any heirloom like this, though.  What do you make of it?"
Heston holds out a shaped, twisted piece of metal.  Long cylinders connect and protrude from a steel body.  The end curves down into a handle of sorts, on which some sort of bone or horn has been layered.  Heston says, "Was my pa's.  Only ever seen him use it once.  He gave me the name of a guy that can help fix it, if I ever needed it, but he's way out in the North territories.  Never ha much use for it.  Until now, that is."
"Indeed this is an interesting trinket."
He undoes a clasp, and a wide cylinder ops out.  It spins easily, showing chambers around the main cylinder.  Six, exactly.  "Pa taught me how to keep it oiled.  It sends these things whizzing like you wouldn't believe!"  He holds out rounded, tube-like projectiles, similar to elongated versions of Maouelue's frosted balls.
"Think it'll help?"
"Keep that thing steady there lad."
Maouelue reaches out for one of the projectiles, "...er, may I?"
Heston readily hands Maouelue all of the items.
