strange-tension*Maouelue takes the lead end of the rope and tries to fasten it like a harness around the serpent’s torso.*

An enormous arm reaches up to try to catch the armored hand of Maouelue as the wizard is slipping the rope inside the coffin.  The eyes of the creature blink, blink...  It starts to rise from the coffin, hissing.
7
YU1 was added to combat with initiative 1d20 (17) + 3 = `20`.



The creature hops out and hisses at the three of you.  It's a *very* full room...  The serpent's eyes glisten in the torch light...





The snake-warrior-goliath fills the remaining space of the room, slices through Frume and Dieter with his scimitars, but misses the wizard with his bite (Because it's still tied up - forgot about that).  Frume swirls his rapiers at the thing.



Updated and saved data for The Frumious Bandersnatch!
Frume whispers to Dieter, "If you can get him disadvantaged, I'll tear this fucker in two."
*The enlarged wizard places a restraining hand on the snake.*

The snake *slithers* out of Maouelue's grasping hands. (You can still attack or bonus action.)





You do not have permission to view this combatant's attacks.

*Dieter’s readied bladestaff stabs deep into the risen creature’s chest and rips through the flesh as he brings the totem end around to strike the serpent between the eyes!*
It's head is slammed back, creating a puncture that bleeds down the side of it's maw.
@Russell Avrae's up!



The snake-man hisses, looks around...  Tries to snap the ropes around his mouth.
Can't quite get it, so he's going to attack twice.
Target frume not found.
Target the not found.




"Shite, we might want to think about running for it, boyos."

*Maouelue tears a pice of parchment out of his book and swirls it into a shield for Dieter.*

*Dieter sings and dances a jig, then raises his bladestaff high with two hands!*

The blood is flying around the room now.  The heroes are digging in their heels.
The snake-man doesn't like that.
It tries to snap the ropes again.




Frume twirls the rapiers in a dance of pain, slicing into the snake-man in advantageous points, causing the creature to whirl and spill blood even faster.  Its coating the walls and the party alike.
*Maouelue tries to grab on to the rope and channel his strength to toss the snake onto the burning pyre.*

As Maouelue is grabbing the rope, he sees an errant strand of fire reaching towards one of the clay statues.
*Maouelue hurls the bound snakeman onto the pyre and on top of the statues.*
The snake-man is spun into the fire, screaming and hissing as it burns.  It looks very, very bad.

[800 xp]
*Dieter produces more flames now and sets the pyre properly alight. He walks out of the room and the others follow. They pull what’s left of the doors closed and walk away without looking back.*



*The group heads back out into the main cavern, letting the smoke billowing out above them. They spend some time exploring the outer reaches of the area as their cremation rages on.*



Dieter and Maouelue look *fantastic* walking away from the burning entrance.  The light plays on the interior of the cave wall.  Frume stops to light a torch, thinks about going back in to the hallway to get a light, when *BOOM*!
The poison gas explodes.
Dieter takes none, Mao takes 7, and Frume takes the full amount and is blown back from the door taking another...
"Urrgh.  That...  that could have gone better, lads."

*Bathamut glints into view after an hour of metal concentration, the squeaking of this bat comes from the ethereal platinum it is made of as its wings pull at the joints. Maouelue takes a bit of ichor from the slain orcs lying near to dampen the piercing frequency. He telepathically instructs the bat to scout out their surroundings and report back with any signs of beast or man or unexpected constructs.*
*Maouelue lacks a brass brazier for such castings, but takes a bit of charcoal from their prior campfire and sets it alight on the platinum of his shield to do so.*
Bat...  (deep breath)...  Bat-hamut scans the area.  He receives and relates info to Mao about the cavern.  No constructs, there are the W and E exits, which you've already been to.  There are also a small exit to the NE and SE.
He doesn't get a hit on anything live in the cavern.  (Want him to travel down a tunnel?)
The bat continues down the SE tunnel.  Through twists and turns Maouelue gets the sense that the tunnel travels for quite a ways.  There are a few humanoids down this tunnel, they might be on a patrol of some kind.  (Would the bat know what they are?)  Suddenly, the telepathic link fades then is cut off, leaving Maouelue bereft of knowledge of the tunnel's end.
*Maouelue waits a few minutes for the link to reconnect.*
*As he continues to wait, Maouelue thinks the link has been unnaturally broken. A signal of unrepentant death is now a beacon to the purge. Hi reverie breaks and he stands to pursue the cause. 
Seeing this, Dieter turns and moves to follow, beckoning Frume along.*
