strange-tensionThe ambusher slips down 10 feet, scrabbling to hang on at the last moment.
*Maouelue slows himself as he comes into range of the attacker and a his fingertips begin to glow a frosty blue...*


*Dieter moves into range of the entangling vines and sets a fire to the base*
Douglas gasps as he sees the fire catching quickly.  He looks at Bellatrix.  Her face is horror-stricken, eyes wide.  Douglas runs to the thicket, taking a pot-shot above.

The shot goes wide, but he knew that before he shot.  He slings the bow while he's running and makes for the thorn wall.
Finding it increasingly difficult, what with the immediate frostbite and the opposing growing heat beneath, the humanoid tries to scramble up the rope with all their ability...
Climbing 60 feet straight up, tongues of flame just beginning to lick at their boot heels, they pull themselves with extreme dexterity up to the higher branches of the tree.
(They are in 3/4 cover now, which means they get +5 to AC and Dex throws.)
Bellatrix screams in horror, running at the burning thicket...
The flames have just started to catch in the underbrush, the once hale leaves in the trees around the thicket-wall searing and adding to the potential for this to become a problem. (The wall was 20ft in diameter, and it was mostly made of dead or dying branches, because of who cast it.  The floor of the forest is covered in moss, dead leaves, lichen, and the like.)
She holds her hands out toward the blaze, her voice becomes harshly grating, and casts...



*Maouelue, seeing the dire situation they have put the forest in, channels a ray of frost around the base of the entanglement.*

A huge ball of darkness encompasses the circular wall.  Some spare bits stick out here and there, but those are quickly *inhaled* by the darkness.
Soft screams, sloughing sounds, something moving through viscous liquid... the mere sight doesn't seem bad, but the sounds emanating from the thing are enough to put the most hardened adventurer on edge.
The added ray of frost from the wizard helps to secure the surrounding area.
*Dieter tries to sling his last magic stone toward the fleeing assassin.*
Dieter flings it, but it gets lost in the trees.  (d20 to recover it.)
Dieter tries to track it coming down, but loses it amongst the brush.
Douglas, winded from the run, goes down on a knee and shoots his bow into the branches above.

(A 15 does not hit!)  The arrow goes through, and he thinks it might have hit, but he can't be sure.

You all hear a curse come from the trees just after the arrow comes down inches from Dieter.
There is also some clambering happening, you sense movement, but can't tell in which direction.
Bellatrix, still concentrating on the black void, releases and with a rush of wind the black void drops away, leaving the signed and smoking remains of the forest.

*Maouelue closes his eyes and channels deeply to send 3 magic missiles directly at the attacker. These seem slightly larger and sharper than usual.*
*Dieter hurries toward the nearest tree and his body begins to flatten down and elongate in all directions.*



*In his place stands a spider who begins to climb up the tree as quickly as possible.*
✅ Dieter Deleter added to group Wildshape.
SP1 was added to combat with initiative 12 as part of group Wildshape.
Douglas shudders at the most recent wildshape experience, knocks another arrow and tires to find his quarry...


The arrow careens off.  Douglas swears.
You all hear the bounding through the trees stop.  Another two arrows come down at Douglas!


The first arrow hits just in front of the tired man, but the second...
It slices through his shield, finding a soft spot in the old wood.  The arrowhead just pierces Dougals's skin, but that's enough for the poison to do it's worst.  Just above the heart, the poison enters his bloodstream.  Green foam flecks his mouth, then starts pouring out, and he falls to the ground.
She sees boiling green foam pouring from his mouth still, she can't find breath or a pulse.
She closes her eyes and casts..

It doesn't seem to take, however...
*Maouelue hurries over to his failing companion, ignoring the danger from behind in order to try and save him.*
*He unstoppers a red bottle from his bag and begins to pour the contents down Douglas’ throat.*
The red liquid mixes with the green foam, creating a disgusting mess of a mixture.  Some of the tincture does go in Douglas's mouth.  Maouelue and Bellatrix both wait with bated breath.
Soft laughter can be heard in the boughs above.  Skittering from a slightly enlarged spider can be heard distinctly, clambering up a tree.
Douglas removed from combat.
The potion of healing has no effect.
*Spieter continues to climb furiously toward the assassin.*


*The spider dashes toward the latest source of the flying arrows*

"Wizard.  Witch.  My fight is not with either of you.  If you tell me where the druid is, so I may kill him as well, then I'll be on my way."

You hear laughing again.
Bellatrix hugs the body of Douglas to her chest.  Then vanishes.


