strange-tension“Hmm, how about this, we open that door to the Dragon and hide off this side chamber and await to ambush should they be so daft as to charge down the dragon. I’ll use my ring to remain hidden while I open the door.”
“Sheila, get ready to mass stun!”
He shrugs. "Sounds like a good a plan as any.  I'll jump into this side room here.  We'll see what happens, eh?!"
Frume heads into the side room.  "What. In. The.  Shit."

Dieter is very distracted by either Frume, or Shelli, or the remaining fire from the other room, or the black dragon...  Lots on his mind at the moment.
“What now Frume?”
As Dieter enters the side room, another strange sight greets him.  For no apparent reason, there is a goblin tent set up in here.  A small, greasy fire is burnt into the stone floor.  Three barrels of foul smelling liquid are seeping through broken slats in the corner, dampening the floor.  Inside the tent, three dead goblins can be seen.
Frume just stares at Dieter, as if to say, 'What the hell is this?'
Not sparing a moment, Dieter says, “Help me with these Barrels!” He has Frume help him move the barrels into their growing booby trap in front of the dragon door.


The two move the barrels pretty quickly to block the double doors.  The three just barely stretch across their length, but it looks like it should hold if anyone were to try to open them.  Unless they open outwards from this room...
Dieter tries to determine what is in the barrels. “Back up Frume”
Frume backs up.  Dieter prepares, but just as he's about to make a move, the double doors start opening towards the heroes...
Dieter taps his ring, instinctively going invisible.
Frume flops into the other room.  The snail stays put.
Dieter gets busy uncorking a barrel and seeing whether he can tip it over in time.
The doors swing wide open, banging against the stone walls.  A regal man steps in.  Coarse, curly black hair sits atop a stern looking, young man's face.  Even though he is young, his face is battle-scarred; a long, thin wound, partially healed, carved his face from left temple to right jaw.   He's covered in plate mail that looked hale but battered.
He strides into the room as if he owns the air people breath.  His frown looks ironed on, as if its a permanent fixture.

Behind him, a few paces back, is a skeleton crew.  Quite literally.  A room full of skeletons can be seen beyond the man.  At his heels, a wight stalks.  The zombie-looking man has long, stringy hair.  Studded leather armor glistens in the hazy light of the flail snails shimmery shell.
He doesn't see Dieter finishing with the barrel.  He only has eyes for the room on the W wall.  He runs to it, nearly knocking over the barrels as he does so.  He almost knocks over the snail, too, trying to force his way in.  "Out of my way, you filthy, slimy creature."  His voice is nasal, and heavily affected by high-born speech.
He races into the room and disappears from Dieter's view.

Shelli's shell shimmer and light bursts forth, a blinding flash, surprising everyone.
@SuoRess_1019
Rolling 4 iterations, DC 15...
1d20 (12) = `12`
1d20 (13) = `13`
1d20 (**1**) = `1`
1d20 (8) = `8`
0 successes, 34 total.
The wight is extremely quick, and shields himself immediately.  The captain is caught off guard as is all of the first wave of skeletons.

The wight, shielding his eyes, unsheathes his weapon and moves toward the snail.

The wight is blown back by the boomerang, coming out of nowhere.  His hands fly away from his eyes, leaving him exposed for a moment.
And he is stunned, shaking his head, trying to rid his vision of the spots.  The snail lets out a victorious cry!
Iinit begin
WI1 was added to combat with initiative 1d20 (18) + 2 = `20`.

SK1 was added to combat with initiative 17 as part of group Stunned-etons.
SK2 was added to combat with initiative 17 as part of group Stunned-etons.
SK3 was added to combat with initiative 17 as part of group Stunned-etons.
SK4 was added to combat with initiative 17 as part of group Stunned-etons.
SK5 was added to combat with initiative 18 as part of group Skeletons.
SK6 was added to combat with initiative 18 as part of group Skeletons.
SK7 was added to combat with initiative 18 as part of group Skeletons.
17
BL1 was added to combat with initiative 1d20 (10) + 2 = `12`.


FL1 was added to combat with initiative 1d20 (**1**) - 3 = `-2`.


The wyrmling has no idea what's happening, it attacks the closest thing near it.



The wight has no idea what's happening, he's getting battered *hard* and he's not looking great.

It is not your turn.
The wight roars at his incapacitation.





The dragon starts gnawing on the bones of the dead skeleton.

Dieter crosses over into the room and beckons Shelli to follow as she can.
Shelli's going to have to squeeze into the room, but...
As Dieter enters... no one is in the room.
“Shit! Frume!”




Two skeletons break off to attack the dragon, while the others attack the snail.




Another eyestalk is lopped off.  The snails light flickers for a moment.  It's head starts to duck to go inside it's shell.



The dragon now has more bones to gnaw on...
“Shelllliiiiiiiiii!!!!!”
Dieter charges back out and sends a fury of fire at the closest skeleton.


