strange-tension"Much...  and not much at all.  His history before this place is well known.  He is the son of Oberon and Titania, fell in love with a mortal.  When she learned of what he truly was, she demanded he make her immortal, too.  Surprisingly, he told he he could not, and she spurned him.  She went off to become one of the most feared witches in all of the planes.  While he...  he slipped into a deep depression that never left him.  It became him, made his world.  He was transfixed with pain and loss, and his world changed with him.  His parents hadn't the heart to truly exile him from the Feywild, but he would not be again allowed within the walls of Astrazalian, or even on the island at all.  He closed himself off within this prison of pain, and that's where his known story ends.
"One more thing do I know, however.  There was a lich that visited this realm some time ago, when he...  it was just gaining power.  Every dragon mark has a signature.  True carriers of the marks can feel the presence of others.  Very few true dragon marks exist in the universe or among the planes currently.  False ones, however, carry their own...  stench.  If a dragon mark is specifically used for dark magic, the Five can feel it.  This place has been the core of a dark-essence dragon mark for some time now.  We know not what it is being used for, or why it was put here in the first place.  There have only been two known usages of this mark... and I would be interested to know who and why they've been used before.  Our sight is clouded from such things.  As powerful as we are," he says, smiling again.
(Full rest, btw!  From him touching you.)

Maouelue smiles back now. The first time he's felt truly inclined to do so in quite some time now. As the warm blood runs back to his face, the frozen tear begins to melt then trickles down, leaving its salty evidence upon Lumao's lips.

"Thank you for always being here."

The Dragon Mage nods his heartfelt appreciation to the Messenger.
"You called upon us, remember?  We're just following through" *Smile*  "Are you sure that is all you would ask of me?"  He puts his long hair back in a topknot.
"One more thing."
"My friend..."
"Dieter..."
"Is he..."
"..."
The blond man purses his lips, looks hard at the Dragon Mage.  Then he nods slightly and closes his eyes.  A golden light, soft and almost imperceptible, surrounds him for a moment.  He opens his eyes, regards Maouelue.  

"The last I was able to see, he was entering in a small chamber...  an examination room of sorts.  I should warn you, time in the Feywild is a trick unto itself.  It could very well be that there is much to his tale after this point.  However, this is the last image I was able to see of him... and his cohorts."
"Thank you, friend. Of Dieter's ability I have no doubt, but none of us are the master of time, and I do fear what or when I might find should we ever find our way back to each other."
"And now, speaking of time, I do believe I am late for a very important date!" He winks, his magnanimous spirit of adventure restored now fully by this divine provenance.
He nods, says, "Good luck, chosen of Bahamut."  Then he fades away.
Wand in hand, Maouelue begins to ascend the long and winding stair. Not to be left standing there, he brings himself to the Prince’s door.
As Maouelue ascends, his padding makes no sound.  Softly, he climbs.

The stairs end in a door made of solid, clear ice.  Inside the ice can be seen a multitude of bones, stripped clean and bleached white.  The ice is about a foot thick, but as the mage puts a hand on it, it moves silently inward.  

The space within is monstrously long, ending in a throne made completely of bones and frozen over.  Atop it sits a very white, emaciated being.  It has dark black hair, sunken beady eyes, and wears a lopsided crown of silver.  The Prince wears long, blue-white robes of a shimmery material.  He sits on the edge of the throne, waiting, tense.  Not looking straight ahead, he appears to be studying a hovering, shifting thing off to his left.  There is a similar object to his right, and a monstrous shard of crystalline ice behind him.  

Maouelue realizes, if he can see details at this distance, the Pale Prince must be very large.
"Hail, Pale Prince. So we meet face to face at last. Tell me, is all of your despair and treachery worth the cost? Would you not instead seek healing and repentance? Is your spirit indeed so far gone that all you care to do is watch things die?"
"Yes."
"Then, my pity is yours, whether you would have it or not. Would you care for a final release?"
"Yes.  That I would," he says, thinly.  "But before we get to that, you shall have your last test."
"So be it."
The Pale Prince  rises to look at Maouelue at the end of the hall.  The Prince waves a hand and the hovering objects to the side of him become clear to the mage.  Hanging suspended above the ground, encased in an icy cocoon of sorts, are Benna and Bellatrix.
"Your test is simple.  Choose which one lives ad which one dies."
"I refuse. Only you shall die today!" As he says this, he pulls out the Gem of Brightness and sends a blinding beam directly at the Pale Prince's dark, sunken eyes.
[DC 15 Con]
"Elendil!"
The light comes out and blasts through the room, making the darkened corners bright as daylight.  As the light fades, however, the Prince stands glaring at Maouelue, unaffected.  

"Am I to understand that you will not choose?"
"This is no choice. It is a sentence. I will not fall prey to such games that would rend the soul. Take me if you must, if you can."

