strange-tension"Nay, lad, you're not sliding away.  Although, the path ahead is extremely treacherous indeed.  As you've already seen."  He looks meaningfully at the trio.  "That being said, what little aid I can give you, I shall.  On one condition.  There is a spell that I have been trying to break for some time.  It seems the mage who locked myself and my cohorts down here liked to play with planar binding magics.  In the castle above, there is a crystal which should be the source of the binding.  Search this out and destroy it, and my aids will not be given in vain.  Is this acceptable?"
Maouelue nods, reverently.
“We will break the stone. But pray, give us your name...”
He smiles.  "My name...  is Aeneir."  (History check with advantage, please!)

Maouelue recognizes the name immediately, but many of the stories he's been told are a bit hazy as they were told to him as a child.  Aefir had a younger brother, Aeneir, who was a great mage.  A seer.  It is said that through Aeneir's divination magic, Aefir was able to know about his destiny.  If this eladrin is serious, he would have to be way older than the Summer Court members, and, quite possibly, the oldest elf in all of the planes.
“*Æneìr?....*”

“*Can it be?...*”
"It can.  And is.  The damnable wizard we both seek conjured me up from the aether and bade me do his bidding.  I've been on death's doorstep for millennia.  It would be good to...  take the next step.  That is where you and your retinue come in."
“What can you tell us about what we might find above?”
"A castle of ice and frost.  I'd wager you'd do well to find boots that grip the ground or you'll be sliding constantly.  It has been some time since I last traversed the palace... but both our wizard and the Pale Prince enjoy their...  creatures.  Abominations lie in wait, and more than likely a guard for the crystal.  Wits and cunning will go a long way, too.  Did you have any *special* requests in mind?"  He smirks and sips more tea.
“Can you sense the presence of a half-elf that recently disappeared from here? He was of our party when...the demon...”
Aeneir looks sadly down at the ground, then up to meet all of the eyes staring back at him.  "Sense... no.  But his destiny lives on past this day.  You may yet find him on the material plane.  Or maybe your ancestors will.  It's times like this I miss my eyeglasses.  I used to look over the top of them when I said things that profound."  He chuckles and pours more tea, offers to the rest.
The group looks stricken for a few beats, then....

“Do you insinuate some other *special* that you would grant us in hopes of fulfilling this duty?”
"There are boons...  and there are boons.  It would depend on what you feel you need, but...  I'd like to be of some service to your party, yes."
"Most gracious of you indeed. I do feel there is *something* missing as yet from our fold..."
"I fear our deficit may be a direct result of my, ahem, penchant for impetuousness. Perhaps summat that would allow me to either prevent or assuage harm that I might cause along the way. Something to protect those around me. I am a mage, but also a man of metal. The Platinum wants not but for zeal..."
The eladrin smiles kindly at the mage.  "There is no deficit, although I understand why you would feel that way.  All you need to do is ask.  I can only give what I have, but it might be that the stars will align?"
"Please then, give us this boon. We ask in the name of Albrek."
He narrows his eyes, eventually nodding and closing them.  He raises his hands at the Dragon Mage, a gold glow surrounds Maouelue...

"Oh, and you'll find three pairs of boots outside the room."

"We are most grateful for these gifts. On the edge of a knife, it helps to keep one's balance. May our mutual ends be met with such true aim."
"I would suggest putting the boots on before your long rests.  You can attune to them properly that way.  Also, I know you ladies have not had a proper rest.  Here.  Take this and be well."  Aeneir gives the women a glass of something.  "I'll just be writing here at my desk.  Please rest, and let me know if you require anything else."
“Aye, we will take rest here and plan for the trials ahead. Thank you Æneìr. May this be the beginning of a new era here at the Fortress of Frozen Tears.”
The group takes the rest, getting things together, planning for the next steps of the mission.  The liquid in the glasses that the ladies drank healed their exhaustion and let their short rest work as a long rest.  Everyone has new boots, and before long, everyone is ready to trek out.  (Anything you'd like to do or discuss in the interim?)

"Pray, before we go, I would ask of you one more thing. Would it be too much to ask for a handwritten spell scroll, something of your design. I am first and foremost a scholar, and should I...we make it out of here alive, I would be honored to add another page in your history back at our academy."
Aeneir's back is to the group, writing at his desk.  Maouelue sees his shoulders briefly raise a couple times, and he turns in his chair rolling up a piece of parchment. 

"Great minds, and all that," he says as he hands the rolled up parchment to the mage.  

As Maouelue grabs it, Aenier holds on to it for a beat, not letting it go.  "It will only open when the time is right.  This is the most powerful magic I know.  Follow your path, seek to do what is right.  And your group will see days upon days."  He smiles and releases the scroll.
Maouelue bows reverently and accepts the scroll with two upturned hands.
