strange-tension"Bless you and your brethren. My kind has a fondness for all things that grow. May the sun rise to meet you and your harvest be bountiful." With this, the mage takes out the emptied superior potion of healing jar and rinses it with a bit of water from his skin, then dips it delicately into the sap. He takes one last look at sapling before nodding reverently and walks back south to rejoin the other, stowing his valuable seed safely in his pack on the way.
As he walks towards the end of the room, the garden evaporates behind him and his cohorts come into view again.  Maouelue is back in the room with the ice block, staring at a stunned Bellatrix and Benna.

"You just disappeared!  Then you were back, an instant later!  This is a strange place indeed."
"An *instant* you say? Curious indeed. Dear disappeared Daran did tell us about the wiles of time in this place... Let us just say, that I think I've passed the first test. Let us move on, counterclockwise."
The trio exits the room, retraces their steps back to the wooden bridge, then S to the exit there.  They continue into a small, cold room, with hallways moving off to their left and right (E and W).  Maouelue can see the E hall opens into a pool of liquid, rectangular this time.  The W room has odd angles and a further exit can be seen on the far wall.  (Roll20 updated.)
Maouelue moves left down the East hallway to the pool and sets about inspecting it.

The room is a decent size, rectangular, and very, very cold.   There are motes rising up from the pool, which has been completely iced over.  From the ceiling hang dangerous icicles.  Frost and ice slicks spatter the walls here, as if water had been flung at it and it froze instantly.  Even with all of the warm weather gear, Maouelue's bones ache and he can hear the women's teeth chattering loudly behind him.  As he peers into the frozen waters (definitely frozen and not like the arcane liquid in the circular room), he sees something frozen in the pool...
[2000 xp]

The ice crackles a bit as Maouelue is looking through the frosted surface.  There seems to be a pulsing happening deep within the pool.  As he watches, a shimmer seems to ripple at the very bottom.  Moving his head makes the shimmer move throughout the pool itself.  Then it hits him...  he's looking at dragon scales.  Shimmering with the light of Bellatrix's torch.  Benna gasps, Bellatrix nearly drops the light.
Maoulue takes note of this and beckons the ladies back out of the hall. "Stay here at the crossing," He says plainly before moving West to inspect the other chamber.
Maouelue inspects the Western room, and as soon as he enters, he sees a statue of an enormous creature, frozen in place, along the northern wall.  It's actually frozen *into* the wall, become a part of it somehow.  The odd appendages and legs meld into the ice and seem to flow from the being, giving it a melted, grotesque quality.  Where it's not melded into the wall, Maouelue can see the creature's features fairly plainly.

He casts a few cursory investigatory glances around the other three quadrants of the room including the West corridor.
Further in, the W corridor bend N and continues down a long stretch which ends with another ice block, similar to the ones seen before.
Lining the wall in the middle section, are suits of armor, icicles hanging from sections.  But their silver sheen doesn't seem diminished from being in the frozen environment.
The Metal Mage meanders by his mirrored mannequins and musters up to the molded mass in the middle.
He looks for the now-expected writing on the ice block.
As the metal mage meanders past the armor...  he hears a loud *craaaack* of ice breaking loose of cold metal.  Looking behind him, a lone suit of armor steps down from it's dais, red flames appear where it's eyes should be, and it raises it's great sword to attack!
HE1 was added to combat with initiative 1d20 (14) + 1 = `15`.



The metal mage muffles a guffaw as the slashes are deftly parried.
"You must have grace beyond measure if you are to wield a sword such as that."
Coming closer to try and hit Maouelue, the suit of armor is still frozen in a few places.  It slashes with some uncoordinated attacks, and they're blocked by the armored magician.

In response, it says, "Merrrr.....MEERRRR..."





The first swing from the re-balanced armor nicks the mage, but the second misses badly...
*{Catch your breath - you can only take a move action next round}*
Seeing his opponent off balance, Maoulue weaves words into spell and attack intertwined, dancing.


...But dancing in boots is hard. He might have to go to the corner.
The suit raises it's helm to show Maouelue the burning demon within.  A thing of frost and ice looks out, with red eyes burning.
Maouelue feints to swing, then reaches for his belt, pulling out a small grey bag...

A colossal furry figure appears before the demon!

Mao tries another bolt to distract the armored foe!

The elk wheels around because he didn't hear what Mao had said.
He charges!
GI1 was added to combat with initiative 14.

ya
The helm is knocked back into place as the enormous elk charges and knocks it halfway down the hall.  Angered, the armor rises and charges the hairy beast!

(pls0
Effect Prone removed from HE1.

Effect Magic Weapon removed from Maouelue.






The metal mage sends a fury of flames cascading down the corridor, drenching the demon in a singing sear.
