strange-tensionThe elf is still kneeling, looking abashed at Maouelue as he approaches.  "My sincerest apologies.  To you and your...  fellows,"  they breath heavily.  "I must say, your team fought extremely well against foes that have been known to ravage even the best of our fighters.  Even the half-elf fought valiantly."
“*Even?*,” Maouelue raises an eyebrow?
“Indeed, all fought well and were it not for all of you here, I’m sure my days would be passed. I am indebted to you all.”

As he says this, his eyes linger on Bellatrix’s.
Bellatrix blushes and looks away. (Smiling?)  The old woman nods and stands up, admiring her work.   Then whips the net around her shoulders.  She does not go invisible.  

Daran is led over, helped by the woman eladrin, who is also nursing a broken right arm.  Bellatrix rushes to her, as does the old woman, and they both start healing the two warriors.  

The leader says, "My name is Erifias.  This is Otirnis.  We are Winter Eladrin, not born in  this section of the Glimmerwood, but stationed to protect it.  Our lands...  Well, as you can see, our lands are in constant peril.  Our people die daily from raids of the shadar-kai and other fell monstrosities that are crossing at will into Faerie.  It is everything we can do just to stem the tide.  Lately, though...  Something is different.  The veil.  It is thinning.  Not only here, but to your world as well."  They take a very deep breath and wince.  They're covered in bruises that are turning a beautiful dusky purple.  They would be beautiful, at least, if there wasn't so many of them.
"I...  am sorry for our treatment of you.  All of you."  They raise their eyes slightly towards Daran, who nods respectfully.
"And, although I hate to even ask as I know you have a mission of your own,  I would be delinquent in my duties if I didn't ask for your aid.  If you were to help us, I could take you directly to Titania, or any of the eladrin courts you would prefer to speak with.  You would have our loyalty.  As the worlds are today, that would be no small thing."  They smile at you all.  "As yours would be to us."
[4000 xp]


Daran nods at you and gets up, weakly.  He starts heading over as Erifias says, "Thank you for your kind words, cousin elf.  It does lift our spirits an elf-kin has come to see Faerie in...  well, in most of her glory, anyway.  Let us treat wounds and heal, then I will take you to our court and tell you of the land and our troubles."
Maouelue returns the recognition with a nod, then moves over to check on Daran’s wounds first before looking in on Bellatrix’s condition.



Daran seems beat up, but generally fine.  Nothing a few healing potions won't cure.  And definitely nothing Maouelue hasn't experienced in the past.  Probably run-of-the-mill for the ranger.  As for Bellatrix, she's...  absolutely free and clear of any harm.  No bruises or cuts.  The only blood on her is smears of others' damages.  Which is...  strange.  Because Maouelue saw her get hit.  Several times.
The mage unstoppers one of the healing potions brewed by the Sister and offers it to Daran.

“You fought bravely Daran. I am in your debt yet again.”
"Thank you, Maouelue."  He takes the bottle and considers it before drinking half.  The mage watches as slices and punctures heal; Daran winces.  His posture straightens, then he gives the rest of the potion of healing to Otirnis, whose arm is in a makeshift cast.  A look passes between them, then Daran turns back to Maouelue.  "This was not what I expected.  Although, to be fair, I always expect a fight.  But this was nearly more than I was capable of.  Your company is much appreciated, in many ways."  The corner of his mouth twitches up.  And then Mao realizes, that is about as close to a smile that he's seen from the ranger.
Maouelue nods respectfully to Daran, giving him the grace of not prying any further.
He then turns to Bellatrix to examine her wounds, but upon looking, he is taken aback at the undamaged body before him. He marvels at the mysteries that seem to keep unfolding with this beguiling woman.

"My lady? You...that giant clubbed you beyond measure! How is it that you are unharmed?"
She smiles, again demurely, to all in attendance.  Then she grabs Maouelue's arm and pulls him aside, a distance from the group.  Her fingers dig into his arm, painfully, yet her face is placid calmness.
Once a good 40 feet away, underneath the bough of a gorgeous willow tree, her countenance turns serious, worried.  Maouelue's elven attentions can see that she is nervous, her eyes occasionally dart around as if looking for something.  Or someone.
"I'm sorry for all of the cloak-and-dagger, but...  I might be in very big trouble.  That...  what happened...  at the end of the fight, with the dragon?  That..." she looks around, furtively.  "Mao, that wasn't me.  I didn't conjure that abomination."
