strange-tension"According to our most recently acquired information from the front, the main insurrection base is Mag Tureah, which is directly south of here, and close to the Plains of Echoing Thunder.  We have reason to believe that across from the seelie city of Cendriane, SE of the city to be specific, and S of the Stream, is a new underground base.  It is starting to grow considerably because the unseelie are planning on taking the eastern side of the Feywild.  Our capital, Senaliesse, the City of Stars, would be in a direct line of danger if this were to happen.  If we quell the burgeoning base now, we could potentially save two seelie cities in one go."  She looks expectantly around.
“And here we have it, the raid of a lifetime. I am ready for this challenge as I am ready to take to the battlefield again with you lot. Let a hammerstroke fall upon the unseelie and send a rebuffing wave back across the sound. 

What do we know of its defenses?”
The captain nods vigorously, "Great point, glad we're thinking in the same vein.  According to our intel, there are barracks there, plus gods know what kinds of monsters.  We have narrowed the number of actual eladrin down to 60.  And that's so far.  Haven't been able to get anyone inside yet, might not be able to.  They're locking things down pretty hard.  But I would guess, from what I've been told about your previous bout, a lot of the same.
"There is going to be three teams, twenty soldiers each.  We're examining the entry points, but three are confirmed.  This is going to be a smash-and-go, get in and get out, do as much damage as possible and raze the place to the ground when we're done.  We need to send a big message, and a massacre will do just that."
Receiving encouragement all around, bolstering her resolve, Jelentrainna continues.  "There are two north passages.  The NE passage we'll openly attack, sending shock troops in a hopefully drawing the better part of the fighting.  Then we'll send two more groups in, stealthily, one through the NW passage, and another through the SE, which has some water hazards.  Don't know if you all want to stay together or lead your own battalions, but there are options for either.  I would not put any of you in the first group, everyone here would be better utilized as a merc.  Any questions so far?"
Maouelue turns to Daran, "You will lead a troop through the Southeast passage. Bellatrix, we shall take the Northwest passage. Lady Brenna, would you go or  stay?"
"Oh, I'm not much use in a fight, nowadays.  But I'll be sure to get you all set up before you go," Benna says, regretfully.
Daran gives a quick head nod.  Bellatrix seems...  (Insight check, please!)

She looks like she's keeping her emotions in check, trying not to let anything show on her face.  Her eyes, however, belie the fact that she's extremely scared.  Maouelue can't quite tell what she's terrified of.
Noting this, he addresses them all, "If there are objections or alternatives, I will of course, hear them out."
Daran shifts, looks like he's debating with himself.  Then, after a deep breath, he says, "I'm no captain or leader like that.  I appreciate your vote of confidence, and I'd be happy to check in at the other post, Maouelue.  But I think I would be happier as a soldier than a commander.  If that's okay?"

Bellatrix tries to catch Maouelue's eye, but doesn't speak up.
"Understood Daran, you are of course welcome to join our company. Bellatrix if there is aught you have to say, I would hear of it..."
Startled, she looks around nervously at all of the faces.  (Persuasion check, please!)
He puts his right hand to his forehead and mutters something under his breath...

...then puts his left on her shoulder, in a comforting gesture.

"My lady, please, be not afraid."

She... flips... out.  Screaming and running from the room.
Benna is the first to react, running after her sister.
The rest of the dignitaries look between themselves.
"Ahhhm, was is something I said?"
The Queen says, "Um...  I'm sorry if i was something *we* posited, too."  She calls a staff member to have them check on Bellatrix.  She then turns back to the group.  "There is one more piece of happy news, but we can wait while we attend to other matters, yes?   We will take a brief recess, would that be okay, Maouelue?"
"No, please. Give me the happy news. Maybe it will prove of use..."
The Queen smiles, bows her head, and says, "Maybe it would be best coming from the source."  She turns to beckon from the other room.
The quartet of Erifias, Otirnis, Cierean, and Cruiver come out and stand at attention next to their captain, Jelentrianna.  All of them wear wide smiles.
At this Maouleue's curiosity is peaked and his confusion at Bella's reaction is temporarily swept aside.
The captain begins, "The recoveries of Erifias and Cruiver have been top notch.  They specifically requested to be on the next mission with you.  I have assigned them to your detail, lord wizard.  If that is amenable to ye?"
"Have they indeed! That is most welcome news. I would be honored to fight beside them once more."
"And what of you Otirnis and Cierean? What are your intentions?"
Erifias steps forward and says, "My whole team is ready to fight, lord wizard.  They are all in agreement."  Four faces beam at the group around the table.  Maouelue gets the feeling that the highest of the guard is being picked for this mission, and this team very much wants to be considered in that rank.
He reaches out his hands to the center of the group. "Take my hands all of you. May the light and life of the lord guide us."

He lowers his head and begins to channel his spirit of guidance through the group.

