strange-tensionMaouelue leads his companions past the curious flumph and into the Western corridor.  The hall would normally have ended in a solid stone wall, however there is now a decent sized hole in the Northern wall through which the party sees more purple and yellow mushrooms.  Their glow gives the room an eerie, almost ominous presence.  As Maouelue looks into the room, to the South a hard scraping and low growl can be heard.  And felt, as the bass resonance shakes the walls and floors, rattling their bones.
A word whispered in Sylvan sends Maouelue's familiar ahead to scout the birds eye view of the disturbance.
The bird takes it's time flying to a few different areas.  First, the bird tracks North, through the purple mushroom area into another wide stone room, looking like an entrance room.  Farther north it views a large space with four wide columns holding up the weight of the mountain.   A room juts to the East from here, bringing the bird back, first, to the pool the group was dropped in then back to the purple mushroom room.  Heading back to the 'Entrance Hall', the bird then takes a small passage west, which expands to a hallway to the S.  Two doors on the E walls and a door at the end of the southward hall bar the birds path further.  

The bird returns to the group, then flits south, into another small entrance way, and then into a molten furnace of a lava flow.  A few beings splash around in the flow, but the bird is able to stay well above the heat and find a separate, return passage back to the party.  (Roll20 is updated, too!)
I guess the first point of investigation

(Damn!!)  
The coast looks pretty clear.  Nothing moving, no sounds save for the dripping of water to the W and the rush of those drainage tunnels to the E.  There is a fallen door on the S side of the room, but it was knocked down ages ago, most of it is splinters now.
There is a lot of rubble around, but of the stone you can see, there are what look like draconic runes etched in random places on the walls, ceiling, and floor.  Nothing that is cohesive or makes sense to any of you, though.
Maouelue takes a few moments to make some rubbings of the runes in his book before leading the party on down the hall. (Toward the second smaller circle)
In a 30ft by 30ft more draconic etchings line the wall, most are prominent near and on the massive bronze door leading W.  There is also a large bronze door going S.  Both look locked and, again, *massive*.

*Maouelue reaches out with his feelings....*
Both have heavy abjuration (warding) magics surrounding them.
"Can anyone read any of this? It all appears to be magically sealed."
Bellatrix and Benna come forward, inspecting the doors.  Daran looks on from afar but mainly walks around the room, every once in a while he will reach out and trace a draconic mark.

Daran makes his way over after a few minutes, the women whispering back and forth to each other.  

"Maouelue, a word?  I've been looking at these marks on the walls.  They continue through the caverns here, and are heaviest on the western door.  Now, I'm not a scholar... but these don't look like letters.  They're too random.  They look like...  scratches.  As if...  Well, it's almost as if some creature, maybe even a dragon, was housed here and forced through that doorway."  He points W.
A cold shiver runs down the mage's spine, chilling even beyond his inner frost. "A Dragon? Here?" Maouelue considers a moment, apparently lost deep in thought. "My friends, I must meditate on this. Let us set our camp here for awhile and secure our position.
As the team sets up the perimeter, Maouelue takes his helm in hand and assumes a lotus pose, his hands channeling through the Frostbitten Helm. He reaches out to his patron, searching for the spirit of the dragon.
As Maouelue reaches out with his arcana, his sense is able to pass around the area, even showing him an alternative route around the S door.  When he attempts to search past the W door, however, he is gently rebuffed.
The wizard gets up abruptly and moves back down the East corridor to inspect the broken door pieces in the next room. He tries to make out how it had been mounted and how it might have fallen.



*A blue-white light courses through the metal mage's mass of flowing locks revealed by his doffed helm. The hairs seem to fairly float and become translucent in the cavern mist.*

Aefir Nightseeker was instantly recognizable to Maouelue.  He is a myth, a legendary elven figure.  He was said to be the right hand of Corellon Larethian, progenitor of the entire elven race.   He was golden in hue, from head to toe, and was said to be the father of the Summer Eladrin, where they got their coloring from.  Hundreds of thousands of stories are told of his conquests and vanquishing of foes.  A couple of the most famous are his Five Trials, also known as the Trials of Aefir, where he searched and found the 'Eye of Darkness'.  Another that immediately comes to Maouelue is the story of the Shadow Dragon of Mhaor'isel Ghaatiil.  It is said Aefir conquered it single-handedly and locked it away underneath a mountain.
