strange-tensionMaouelue begins to manipulate the water, pushing and pulling it up and around, dissing out the depth and assessing the footing underneath. He begins to make a large icy path over to the closest “island” rock in the center, aiming to connect as many as he can to traverse the area.
Each member of the quartet try and reach the bottom, but cannot and have to tread water.  Daran takes a chance and tries to swim down, but he stops fairly quickly as the heat gets uncomfortable almost right away.

There are small fish in the water, here and there.  Nothing dangerous, though.  There are also a couple spaces to the east and north where the water is being churned up.  It doesn't look the fish are the reason being the tumult.
They paddle around West as it is the most leftward of all directions. “Let us see what we can of this tumult.”

*Fammy, seek!*
The fey bat flies directly overhead the churning spots in the water, trying to make out shapes below, floating across in multiple passes at varying heights.
Fammy senses something coming to the surface, or trying to, but can't see anything specific.
Fammy also sees four different sections that branch off from the main section.  The dog-leg to the right has some small rapids.

“Keep an eye out while I take care of something here.” Maouelue takes to his ritual preparation changing Fammy into a large toad that plops down into the water as soon as this is complete.
Daran sets up with a bow and nocks it, just in case.  The sisters gather their things in the boat and keep a watch as well.
As the bats turns toad, it hops in the water and goes to check on the disturbances.  All it notices are waves in the water, sometimes moving against the eddies and currents, sometimes with.
“Sorry everyone, I guess it was nothing, but at least we know that now.”
“Let’s move before this boat gives out. Follow the heat.”
They paddle around looking at each passage out and feeling for temperature.
As the ice boat floats to the next nearest opening, N, the group sees that stirring of water get bigger and bigger, almost becoming a whirlpool right in front of them.  Just as the churning waves turn the route in front of the pack into very choppy rapids, a being rears out from the depths!

Towering almost to the top of the cavern, dozens of feet in the air, an elemental made of water towers above the party.  (Initiative?  Or did someone want to parlay?!)
The sisters are in awe.  Daran, ever stoic, raised just one eyebrow.  But the creature only has eyes (?) for the wizard.  (Persuasion check, please, with advantage!)

The thing cocks its head (?) to the side and peers at the quartet in the boat.  It says, "Whssh, whhsssshhh, cssshh?"
Maouelue whispers to the water around him and begins to conjure a likeness from it.

An icy blue-white representation of Bahamut now floats in the water in front of the boat. The budding frost mage preens in the gaze of the water elemental.

The wall of water lets out a gurgling howl and the water starts swirling around... (roll for initiative!)
WA1 was added to combat with initiative 1d20 (16) + 2 = `18`.

Bellatrix was added to combat with initiative 1d20 (7) + 2 = `9`.

Daran looks at the thing.  Then, swearing, pulls his bow and tries to shoot at the thing.


A watery hand comes out of the water and grabs Daran, raising him up and bringing him high overhead towards it's body.
"I guess I'm not as e-*steam*-ed as I thought!"

He sends a blast of flame out at the grasping creature's abdomen.

Steam rises as the fire sears into the elemental!
Maouelue grabs an oar and paddles hard for the shore on the North.

Bella picks up the other oar. “Row Mao!!!”
The group paddles, paddles, leaving their companion to the clutches of the water creature.  About thirty feet from the boat, the waves on the eastern side of the underground lake start churning as well.  Bellatrix and her sister scream when another wall of lake water rises up to block the groups path again!
WA2 was added to combat with initiative 1d20 (4) + 2 = `6`.
“Oh well...water we waiting for?”

The elemental rains down a punishing blow on the ice boat and its occupants!

Daran manages to swim free of the creature while trying to hold his breath...

And dives into the lake!


Maouelue speaks into the mind of his small frog familiar, swimming somewhere under the water, sending him words of wounding...for delivery....

Target we1 not found.

He spurs the boat north and west trying to put distance between them and the second elemental as they focus on taking down the first and recovering Daran.
As they pass northward Bellatrix drops her oar a moment to continue the volley.



Her magic flails about in oscillating valleys and peaks of power, careening wildly around the cavern!
It is not your turn.

The wave tries to slam down on the witch, but she grips the boat tight and hangs on!
Effect Restrained (Grappled) removed from Daran Edermath.
Daran swims and hops into the boat, grabbing his bow again and tries to end the elemental.
Target ma1 not found.



The water tepidly attacks the boat.
"Let's put this one on ice!"

"Too cold."



Bellatrix shoots out blast after blast honing in with each, her focus now on saving her friends and making amends for her earlier errant beam.


