strange-tensionDaran nods again, then points to a large shop.  A picture of an anvil with a sword and a bow crossed behind it dominates the entryway.  Wares are put out for display, and it looks like this place is a one-stop-shop for armory and weapons.  A blacksmith's, fletcher's, and weaponsmith's shops are all all rolled into one, and there are several armor stands decked out in front of the place with impressive specimens of the workmanship.  On the decorated anvil sign, Maouelue can read *The Unbreakable Anvil*.  Loud clanging can be heard from within and near the rear, while a few customers mingle throughout.  There is an elf at the center of the store weaving a leather handle-grip  onto a short sword.
The mage after emptying his wares takes a moment to consider the old scrolls stowed in his pack. *I"ll have to inscribe these upon my return to my chambers*, he thinks to himself.

"Daran, would you mind keeping an ear out for interested buyers whilst I peruse the selections here?"

The shop-keep puts the leather-work aside and takes a look at everything.  After studying it (and the pair) a bit more, he says, "This all looks pretty good.  Might need to hone some things, but all in all, pretty good pieces.  Especially that plate mail.  I'll give you...  $1,971 gold for the lot."
"Hmm, make it a cold 2001 and we got a deal."
He looks around.  "I don't quite have that much.  Tell you what, if you gents want to look around and grab something, we could make a deal?"

Daran looks to Maouelue.  "All I need from here would be arrows."
"Maybe a hone for my blades, too, if'n ye do that here?"
The elf looks over.  "Absolutely we do!"
Maouelue looks around for a nice set of greaves to go with his nearly complete set, perhaps a plate or scale belt as well...
The greaves they have are pretty standard, and leather only.  There is a metal scabbard, but it is a back-oriented carrier, not a side holster.  The scabbard looks to be made for a greatsword.  The blacksmith sounds like they're in, though...
"Hmm, let us see what's happening over at the forge. Mind keep an eye on our gear here while we inspect."
Maouelue examines the kinds of metals being hammered with interest.
Daran nods, perusing the arrow stock.  The shop elf waves and goes back to his weaving.
In the back of the store, a semi-open-air forge is set up.  It's a beautiful design only the elves could come up with.  The smoke seems to be siphoned off by some trellis engineering in the domed ceiling of the forge.  The elf that works the anvil is large by elven standards, brawny, but not egregiously so.
He looks up when Maouelue comes in but doesn't say anything.  Just nods, and goes back to his hammering.  The hammer is a golden piece, beautifully wrought and etched with elven words and decoration throughout.  It rings with a pure, high note every time it hits the silvery sheen-ed metal being worked.  On  the anvil is an interesting attachment for, what Maouelue can surmise, is a halberd or spear of some kind.
He approaches and admires the work. "Good morn good smithy. Tell me do you take commissions here for your work?"
In a heavy brogue-ish drawl you're not quite sure the origin of, he says, "Aye, I do.  Whatareye lookin' ta fashin?"
"We'll to be frank, I've been looking to cover up this spot tween my boots and plate. I have a particular proclivity for platinum, a penchant if you will. I am also keen to know whether you work with any enchanters in this city. I have heard of the wonders of Faerie and have some coin."
"OOh, aye.  We can do all o'that for ye, no worries friend.  Ye need some platinum greaves....  I'm almost done with this 'ere."   He starts rummaging around in his bins and crates of materials.  Finding three full platinum bars, he brings them over and says, "This whatcha lookin' for?"
"Well," he lowers his voice a bit, "Between you and me I need summat that will help me keep my head when my lust gets up in battle. I'm afraid this gap in my coverings begins to crave more than that of the wind....But I. Must. Remain. Vigilant. Yes, something to keep both my strength and my head in order." Maouelue looks around for a moment. "Might could you fashion a dragonscale pattern with this here platinum? Know you of any who might bestow them with this balance of power and intelligent restraint?"
He scratches his bare chin and ponders.  Snaps and burbles come from the forge as smoke rises and plays at the ceiling tiling.  "Okay, here's wha ye do.  Yer gonna make yer way to the south part of the island, ya?  Once you get outta the city proper, you'll see Lanrion's Tower.  Somma th'shops here'll sell ya potions or whatnot.  Lanrion's the one to go to if'n ye wanna go big, aye?  Did ye want the armor 'fore ye go?"
“Yes, perfect. Thank you for the guidance. What need you for the work? I’ve got a bit of coins and trade as you see.”
"Aye, so ye 'ave!  Great to see!  These big boy's are 50 gold each, base price.  The work'll be another 100 gold.  I can get these done in two days for 250 gold.  If'n tha works for you?"
“Fairest deal this side of the veil.”
He reaches out his hand to shake on it.
They shake, the blacksmith says, "Name's Tovakis, by the way.  Lemme know if 'ere's anything else we can do for ye."
“Maouleue. Pleasure to meet you. Only other thing is to point me to the wizardry around here. I am curious about the local lores and magic of this place and would be keen to see any arcane tomes and scrolls that might be on offer.”
