strange-tensionFlayco is having a jolly old romp of excitement between the two, making all sorts of squelching flapping noises. Shelli, hearing a thrum of revelry, takes a tentative peek out of her shell, which rapidly accelerates, well...as rapidly as a Flail Snail can....into a bobbing lurch that can only be interpreted as ecstasy.

*Somewhere in the back of Dieter's mind, he could swear he hears a horn fanfare....*
*...It's probably nothing...*
Reeling in the crew, Dieter calls for calm, then directs everyone over to the pit. They all look down at the darkness. Dieter brings over what remains of the flaming sphere and lets it fall down the hole, watching as its light illuminates all it passes.
Shadows are cast as the sphere shrinks slightly, passes by the group, and heads down the hole in the middle of the room.  Immediately, the crew sees flotsam of the creature clinging to the sides all the way down.  The sphere travels thirty feet, forty feet, it still continues on.  The sides farther down seem less disgusting, and Dieter and Jaecob can almost make out flagstones.  The sphere continues down, down, it becomes a pinpoint of light no longer under the control of Dieter.  There is stays, but the group is unsure whether it is at the bottom, or just disconnected from the druid.
Suddenly, the flame *winks* out.
Dieter pulls out four bottles from his pack. He hands the promised last bottle of Golden Dragon Ale to Jaecob. 

"Here,  you deserve this, *brother.*"

To Shelli, he pours out the contents of the bottle of Ver-poo-th.

"You were stunning, Shelli."

For Flayco, he offers up a bottle of Bubblegut Ale.

"Here, you've earned your fun. Go play around with your acid breath!"

He then pulls out the stopper on the remaining bottle of Gnomish whiskey.

"Now one for Doctor Druid."

He takes a stiff draught off the bottle, resolute not to flinch at the rubbing alcohol portion.

"You beautiful beasts...."

*He turns and looks at the cryptex.*

Dieter can't quite make out the sequencing of the cryptex.  The book made it sound pretty simple, but looking at it now, it's anything but.  He can, however, touch the spinning columns and turn them without any of the adverse effects referenced by Lord Muhlen.
Dieter takes some time to go back over Muhlen’s notes.
He deliberates over the spindles, examining each and every glyph upon them, searching for the resonances Muhlen referred to.
(How about this...
*The journal mentions that Muhlen found the first symbol. Can Dieter any indication of which it was? Is there any chance of gleaning more from these incoherent writings? There is an itching curiosity to find more clues. How did Muhlen* *know** for example? What can the new Runemark make of this? Perhaps he'd ask....*
Jaecob looks at the druid and takes the book, hesitantly.  He starts pouring over the writings, getting deeper and deeper into it as the time goes on. (Do you have any magics that could aid him?)



The Runemark stands up, excitedly, motioning to Dieter.  "Hey, I think I have it!  Here, let me check.  Is it safe?"
"Ha! Safe!...Pardon my hearty guffaw there Jaecob, but when's the last time you felt *safe*... But I saw that blood in your eyes today. Aren't you *ready to know what your old man was after?* Wouldn't it be sweet to beat your brother to it? *If only to burn it all down...*"
"But I've got the Annulus. You should be safe from madness at the least."
Dieter adds in what he hopes is a convincing tone.
Feeling bolstered, he says, "Okay.  Here goes!"
Jaecob deftly rolls the columns, looking at the book for reference.  The first clicks into place, then the second and third.  He looks strained, checking with Dieter to make sure he's still there.  Then, hands shaking slightly, turns the last column.  It clicks into place and stone starts grinding behind the western wall.
“Here...for your nerves.”
Dieter hands him the remainder of the Gnomish Whiskey for a job well done.
He tips it up while watching the wall closely.
Behind the cylinder, an invisible seal opens in the wall, opening a chamber behind it.
The Druid peers curiously at the opening door, his eye being pulled away momentarily by Flayco, whose bubble-gut acid spasms seemed to be coming now to a squelching, splattering, sizzling finale.
Shelli happily schlurps up the cherry poo goo and bleats.
His attention turns back to the wall at hand.
Stone grinds against stone, but no dust is made.  It seems this craftsmanship is very high end.  The smell is the first thing the group notices.  It is tangy, rotten, with notes of brine and the sea.  The irregularly shaped room is lined with tables and bookshelves.  A magical lamp crackles to life to illuminate a truly grizzly scene.
On the table is an illithid, dead, in mid-post mortem.  It's chest has an incision down to his waist, the skin is splayed open and tacked to the table, presenting the innards of the creature.  The table beyond the operating bench is filled with gadgets and tools, all caked in dried blood and gristle.  Several books are opened on the surrounding shelving, including one standing open on a high stand close to the operation.
