strange-tensionHe presses his ear lightly to the surface, wary of what the next foul challenge might be, before pushing the door open.
The door swings wide and the hall you just came from stands empty.  A few doors down that hall are closed.  A trail of flail snail slime tracks from the far passage right into the room you're currently in.
As the group opens the door, a soft glow illuminates the room.  The smell of dried blood - a pungent iron/metal smell - hits them all.  On the walls are racks of torture equipment along with various instruments for medical experimentation.  In the middle of the room, situated above a round, grated hole in the floor, is a strange table with holes in it, like a sieve.  Atop it, a familiar sight - a human dissected just like the illithid in the vault room; a Y incision splits the man's thoracic cavity and various organs have been shifted around and searched through.

As the light comes on, slowly, the human...  blinks.
"Dear DEKU!" Dieter shouts as he reels back from the startling movement.
Jaecob, meanwhile, lets out a long low groan of wearied resolve. "Here we go again."
Flayco on the other hand, bobbles over to the splayed form and begins sniffing and licking intently.
As the group maneuvers in the room, assessing the scene, they can all see the man is pinned down in several areas.  His head is lashed to a headrest at the forehead and around his neck with what look to be metallic clasps that intricately link to the table.  There are more clasps on his arms and legs, and two large metal pieces sticking out from his hips.  The folds of his chest-skin are pinned to the table as well.  As Flayco starts licking the man's appendages, his fingers and toes react, but only slightly, as if there was a disconnect in the transmission of the impulse.  He blinks again, a bit faster now.  His mouth moves awkwardly, but no sound comes out.
While Dieter stares agog in disgust, Jaecob moves with resolute grit, pulling out his dagger and in one swift motion, laying the poor soul to rest.

Dieter watches the scene unfold as if in a trance, unable to muster the call for Jaecob to halt.
The gracious act from Jaecob is met with an unexpected hitch.  As the dagger lances into the man's jugular, the entire form on the table *pops* as if a bubble was burst.  Acidic slime bursts onto Muhlen's hands, dealing him 6 points of acid damage, but not poisoning him further.  The goo-man rushes through the sieve holes and down the grate in the floor, burbling all the way down.  

Left on the table is a small, purple/white crystal, about an inch long.
Dieter hears a gasp in his head.
The disoriented Druid darts his eyes around as if searching for the source, willing it not to be from within.
*"They've done it.  How?  How could they have possibly made it?"*
*Jaecob?  You need to get out of there!  Right away!*
"Jaecob, I feel your father's spirit is close at hand. Hold steady."
Dieter moves to the table and bends over the crystal to inspect.




Picking up the still slick crystal, it pulses with radiant light - for just a split second - when the druid touches it.  Unfortunately, though, he can't quite grasp what it's all about.  It seems like a normal crystal one would find in a cave somewhere.  With the exception of the radiant light part.

"I don't like the looks o' that one lad."


The table is alien to this world, Jaecob can tell that from as close as he is.  The material it's made of is completely foreign to him.  Looking around at the implements, Dieter can see most of them are cleanm unused.  A couple of the medical implements, however, are red with blood.  An odd flask, with an amber liquid filled about halfway, stands near some of the instruments, its top off.
Jaecob, a man hewn from tougher stuff than might be put off by such a grisly scene, heads over to the flask, lowering himself to it and drawing in a waft.
Smells acrid, biting.  A preservative of some sort?  (Perception for more!)


(No worries, we'll take the first roll - 19.)
It's formaldehyde mixed with something else underneath.  Ammonia maybe?

The druid can tell it's for keeping something, especially organs and tissues, from the ravages of deterioration.  But whatever was added to it might either enhance or degrade the effects?  Or there could be a magical component to the micture, but it's hard to say without further experimentation.
"Hmmph...better stopper this and keep it safe." he says, stowing the bottle now in his pack. "Gods be damned this place...."
Shaking his increasingly scruffly head, it had been a long time since he'd had a shave, Dieter heads back out of the room cursing, then looks dead on at the staircase ahead. "Are you ready, friends, to follow me to whatever end?"
"Sqwaaaaak!"
"Schluuurpp!!"
"Grmph..."
"Alright then. *Follow me.*"
He moves determinedly to the next destination, wondering if the Elf fared any better at this particular moment. *What would he have made of this?*
