strange-tensionYou receive - "Walls too thick."
(Is Dieter at the mouth of the tunnel by chance?)
When the bat returns, Dieter casually, but obviously, wanders away from the bat and toward the taper.

As Dieter approaches the narrowing of the walls, the stairs off to the right become more and more evident.  The reason being is that Dieter now can hear snuffling and scratching coming from down that corridor.  The stairs go down at a very steep angle.


Dieter continues down the staircase and calls back to Maouelue to follow. He uses his scimitar to brace himself down the steep stairs and Maouelue uses his quarterstaff to do the same.




(No worries.)
These stairs are not meant for either set of feet as first Dieter then Maouelue stumble, then slip down the stairwell.  You don't take any damage, nor do you fall prone.  But you do alert the green-skinned creature currently bent over a human body, muttering to itself.
No longer muttering, however, as it turns around quickly to see you.  It snarls and, as it does so, releases the leash he's holding.  Two slavering dogs quickly pounce as the creature reaches for its weapon...
GO1 was added to combat with initiative 1d20 (10) + 2 = `12`.


WO1 was added to combat with initiative 1d20 (16) + 2 = `18`.
WO2 was added to combat with initiative 1d20 (4) + 2 = `6`.


*The first dog, emaciated and snarling, lunges for Dieter and misses.  The goblin, reaching for his scimitar, gets confused and thinks about going for his shortbow instead and misses his turn.  The next dog runs head-on to Dieter.   He stands his ground the the dogs bite just misses his leg.*




The goblin looks very hurt.
(All set with your turns?)



*The first dog tries to right itself, only to flail out with a hasty bit, missing the elusive Dieter.  The goblin, finally deciding to use the scimitar, stumbles, overcorrects, then falls on his scimitar, eviscerating itself.  The last dog takes a hefty bite, doing some damage to Deiter.*
































bat was added to combat with initiative 1d20 (15) + 5 = `20`.


<avrae hidden>NAME|TOHITBONUS|DAMAGE&lt;/avrae&gt;






*Batty flies back up the stairs toward the cave entrance to keep an eye out for anyone stirring from the commotion of the melee going on downstairs.*
The bat flies up the stairs.


*Dieter raises his scimitar with a look of desperate finality, then brings it down unhaltingly into his foe’s skull.*
The carnage inside the small room is massive.  The goblin who gored itself lies under the two dogs, which you now see are wolves.  The blood pools on the rocky floor, the two adventurers breathe heavily as they assess the area.


Dieter is the first to spot things, using his druid sense.  It could also be Maouelue got knocked around a bit, lost a bit of blood.  Dieter spies the dead human.  There is a small chest next to the body.  There is also something shining in the walls.
*Dieter inspect the remains of the carnage for any clues as to the origin of these poor souls...and doesn’t say no to anything useful he might find while searching.*
*Maouelue takes particular interest in the small chest and walls.*
The walls are silver ore veins. (Investigation check for more.)
The chest looks locked.
The creatures are standard animals, the goblin doesn't have any identifying marks on it.

*Dieter looks for any usable weapons*
You're going to need some supplies to get the ore out, Maouelue and Dieter see one lone spade and a pickaxe in the corner.
Dieter also finds 5 silver on the goblin

*Dieter inspects the chest for any sign of a trap.*

*Dieter slaps Maouelue’s hand out of the way.*
There seems to be a catch inside the lock.  Dieter finds something to jam into the keyhole, and something clicks and a low hiss starts coming from the chest.  
(Dexterity check to avoid, or another sleight of hand to try to diffuse.)

The lock abruptly explodes, sending shrapnel out in all directions.
Each of you take 6 points of damage.

As the chest pops open, Maouelue and Dieter get struck by flying metal shards.  One pierces the wizards chest, and he falls to the ground.  A shard glances by Dieter's face.  As his face whips around to see his friend fall, he spies several potion bottles lining the bottom of the chest.  Some glisten red.
*Dieter searches frantically through the potions for something to save his friend, knowing that he was out of spell slots to cast his healing word.*
There are potions of healing in the chest.
*With a slightly quivering hand, Dieter uncorks and drizzles the contents of one of the bottles gently down Maouelue’s throat.*
With a shuttering breath, Maouelue's eyes pop open.

*They both lean over and peer into the chest.*
There are at least four more potions of healing, two standard, two greater.  (I got the number wrong, too, it was supposed to be 2d4+2.  Give the wizard another hit!)
There are two potions of digging.  One bag of holding.  And a scroll of disguise self.



For sure dude! What a day! Thanks for playing. 🙂

