I'm here for a tension
@Russell *You’ve spent a lot of time in the market
lately trying to keep an ear out for any sign
of adventure and you hear a lot about what
is going on in the town. It’s no surprise that
you have begun to recognise lots of the
patrons and stall owners. Many are just
weekly customers and some regular
travellers from a nearby village but you also
have your chaperoned nobles from the
merchant sector and adventurers looking
for supplies. Much like you they standout,
something about their bearing making
them noteworthy. You’ve also come to
know some of traders by first name and
when one day you’re standing looking at
the spices on the colourful exotics stall you
spot the merchant Culver quietly talking to
a miner, concerned looks on their faces.
You sidle up to within ear shot and pretend
to examine the ceramic kettles on the
barter stall.
“Have you seen Douglas recently?”
“I saw him at the Pig and Falcon a fortnight
passed but not recently, why do you ask?”
“He was meant to be working up at the
Mine at Krytos Hills, you know beyond the
red plain, but I haven’t seen him of late.
Usually he’s at the Pig as you say.”
“I shouldn’t think there’s anything to worry
about. He’s probably just camped out
somewhere.”
“Nobody has seen him.”
“Not even down the Pig?”
“No, it’s been a while and I’ve known him
for an age. For Douglas to spend this much
time away from the tavern seems very
strange.”
“You think?”
“The problem is Culver, that I’ve heard
there are goblins roaming those parts
recently. I just hope the old fool hasn’t got
himself into trouble.”*


Maouelue unfolds the map and shows it to Dieter. They both look at each other and nod to head directly toward the mine on foot.


*You make your way safely to the place marked on the map.  Although you hear beastly noises coming from some forested areas, you are spared any horrific encounters.  After cresting a small rise, you see a small mine entrance carved into the stone.*

*As you get closer, you can see thin tendrils of smoke rising from the top of the cavern mouth."
Dieter considers the scent of the smoke coming out of the cavern. Searching for any hint of a familiar odor.

















*Maouelue clearly sees through the darkness that a small campfire lined with stones still emits smoke and ash.  Beside the fire, two bedrolls lay empty.*
Maouelue approaches the cave entrance from the right, Dieter from the left.
There is no response.  You hear the calls echo throughout and rebound and come back to you very quickly.
Maouelue lights a torch.

You go to inspect the chest and see that the lock has already been broken off, in a brutal fashion. 
(Do you want to check for traps?)

Maouelue opens the chest.  It creaks and a very noxious odor comes out.  Take 1 point of damage from the nausea that comes over you.
As the wizard looks in, he sees random body parts, rotting and creating an ooze a the bottom of the chest.

Dieter notices two things.  The bedrolls have a layer of dust on them, indicating they've been there for a while, maybe a tenday.  Second, the sound echoes strangely deeper in, giving it a weird, unbalanced vibe.  It could be the way the stone was mined or the way the tunnels go, but the acoustics are giving everything a strange, undulating texture to speech and sounds.


Maouelue taps into his Eleven history, recalling a bit about silver having a strange property when it comes to sound.  Silver mines are known to play with miner's inner ear, make them unbalanced and groggy.  It's not unheard of for miners in silver mines to wear items over their ears to protect them from the sound.   However, it does leave them open to attack, if they don't have the proper security on hand.
The company moves into the hallway left of the cave entrance.
*This long tunnel pushes into the darkness
beyond. It is approximately 7-foot-wide and
the walls are covered with tool marks. Ten
foot in, you find two more bedrolls and ten
foot beyond that, is a flight of stone stairs
down into the dark. Beyond the tunnel
tapers, narrowing to 3 foot wide.*
You have no characters.





About a half hour into Maouelue's meditation, a group of bats flies by outside in the darkening dusk.  One of them breaks from the pack to glide into the edge of the cavern mouth.  It lands, upside down, right above the wizard.  It's eyes are open, however, and it's eyeing Dieter hungrily.
Dieter side-eyes the bat
The bat hisses at Dieter.
Maouelue sends his bat down the first hallway to inspect past the taper.
The bat flies down the hallway.  A couple of minutes later, it comes back.
(Animal handing check, with advantage.)

The bat lands above the wizard and, telepathically, relays what he saw.  There were two bedrolls, moth eaten and dusty.  Silver ore veins ran rampant through the far end of the tunnel.  The taper stops several feet in, good silver available there.  There is something strange, though, at the beginning of the narrowing.  Something...  empty.
