strange-tensionHe nods, shakes your hand rather quickly, then goes over to speak with Vam.
*Maouelue casts a glance at Bellatrix and takes note of the increasing awkwardness of Veena's caged form.*
*He moves semi-casually to obscure it from immediate view.*
Another knock on the door.  A portly, middle-aged man comes in while he's knocking.  He wears a sense of importance like a cloak.  You get the sense he might have been muscular at one time, but he's let that go for quite a while.  

He strides in, making eye contact with Vam and Bazad, then says loudly, "Who in the hell called this meeting.  I know Vam couldn't have been this idiotic, so who's responsible for taking me away from my business?  And at closing time, nonetheless?"  His eyes fall on the wizard and the witch.

A realization hits Maouelue as a mental flash...
Veena has not moved or blinked since she's been caged.
"What the hell does that mean?!"  He looks around from person to person, arms flailing in the air.
"Fear not her cage. She has been placed in stasis in order that we might secure her from flight."
"And I beg your pardon sir, I go by the name of Maouelue. My partner Dieter has gone with some of Vam's hands to retrieve...our friend's body."
"What?..."  The portly man stares incredulously at you.  He and Bazad come over to the cage, with Vam behind.  They are awestruck at their unblinking friend behind bars of energy.
"I don't understand, what in the hell is going on here?"
Vam explains to the group what the three heroes told to him.
He ends and a small voice comes through the doorway.
"That's a lie.  My sister would do no such thing."
*Maouelue turns, startled.*
And through the doorway steps a matronly looking woman.  Her clothes give off an air of being of money, old money, but maybe not much is left anymore.  She saunters in, glides.  If you though the other man had an air of importance, it's nothing compared to Hozieh Muhlen.
*He gestures grandly at Veena-in-cage.*
Red satin, deep crimson velvet, and black lace adorn the petite body, and make a strange non-cohesion to her heavily made-up face.  As if they're fighting each other for relevance, the two styles are at war with your senses.  She comes across as old but trying to be young, but also young trying to pass as courtly and on-in-years.  It is a very odd feeling, and for those not used to her presence, Hozieh Muhlen makes people feel... strange.
She very stately strides over to the cage, aware that all eyes are on her.  As she approaches the Forcecage, she holds her hand out.  Bellatrix starts to warn her, Hozieh's eyes dart to the witch and Bellatrix goes still, silent.  All watch as the sisters reach for each other.
Thunder crashes in the distance, and a streak of white hot light flashes, searing everyone's eyes.
*Maouelue blinks rapidly bidding his vision to return as quickly as possible. He searches about with the butt of his staff trying to reestablish his surroundings.*
The two women...



And the two women...
Are no longer there.
Everyone looks around in astonishment.  No one more so than Bellatrix, who is still holding the Forcecage solid.  There are no rips or tears, she is frantically searching for what went wrong.
Just then, a horse neighs out front, Heston and Dieter enter the house carrying the wrapped body of Douglas.
Heston asks Vam, "Pardon, boss.  Where do you want us to put this?"
*He fills Dieter in on what he missed, then turns to address the crowd.*
"What does the council make of this sorcery?"
They are dumbfounded, looking on the cage with astonishment.
Bellatrix is still moving frantically over the cage, trying to find out what went wrong.  She starts emitting a low whining moan, which picks up the more frantic she gets.
"Nothing!" she screams.  "Nothing can break free from a Forcecage!  That is one of my most powerful spells..."
The rest of the Five go to inspect the body.
*Dieter peers into the eyes of each of the remaining council members imploring them to speak up should they have any knowledge of the sisters' intentions.*
They are uncomfortable, Bazad looks as if he'd like to find a reason to leave.  They start inspecting the body of Douglas.

Dieter can't really tell if they're hiding anything or not.
*He pulls out the bandolier of poison vials and gestures to Douglas' corpse.*
"How many more honest townsfolk need to die to serve the ends of this pestilent sorcery!?"
"Will you join us in our aim to consolidate the strength of this town? Will you assent to a guild of vigilant watchers? Would you see this evil undone!?!?"
They look abashed, Bazad hangs his head.  Vam stands, saying, "A lot of things just happened right now.  I don't doubt that you have the best interests at heart, and we truly appreciate what you've done here."  He takes a deep breath.  "It seems to me that there is some treachery that has been happening right under our noses."
