strange-tensionHer attention returns to her foe.

Her indulgent distraction shows as her dark beam seems almost thinned out by her levity....or was it something else?

She comes back to her senses, a different kind of blood boiling in her face now.

Her last beam pierces through the gap in the giants loins, just below a painful potential.
Flustered now, she hastily tries to send the infuriating thing into the tree.
It drives straight into the tree, wondering only after why the hell it's doing so.
Bellatrix flees back now, the hem of her robes brushing Maouelue slightly as she passes.
It is not your turn.

Daran drives his swords down into the giant's back, trying to sever something, anything.



Daran gets shellacked by the greatclub and falls from the monster's back.
Hearing the sickening crunch from afar, Maouelue looks over and sees his receding companion, "DARAAAAN!"


The female eladrin moves to stand over the fallen Daran, striking out with her sword!
The metal mage looks over at Bellatrix sweeping past him, the gazes back at the giant, whispering softly.

The life and death matter at hand seems to pull at the opposite energies of the life cleric and the blood witch, something about being out here in the woods, in the feywild.
He shuffles over toward the tree.
The flustered witch sees the vulnerable elf, metal clad and cowering, then stands tall against the advance of the giant.

She lays into the giant hoping beyond hope to save her...friend.


Again, her concentration swirls wildly out of control as her heartblood is destabilized.
Her eyes look over at Maouelue in confused wonder and apprehension.
As the blast floats past the giant, suddenly it disappears!
She desperately channels her dance again, hoping beyond hope...
Maouelue's eyes go wide with wonder, then as he hears Bellatrix's call, he readies his mace, waiting for the sound of the giant crashing toward the tree.
Maouelue cowers closer to the tree now, fearful for his life.
Bellatrix moves a little further Northwest to try and draw the Giant's ire away from the cowering mage.
Daran rises, says something low to the elf in front of him.  Then, with another acrobatic move, rolls away to the north...

He stows his swords in one go, brings his bow up, and fires at the...  wait, it was just there.  He turns back and fires at the closest one.



The greatclub swaths through the air, catching an unaware Bellatrix in the shoulder.  She topples, falling prone.


The second eladrin gets pummeled with the club...
But she stays on her feet.



Her two arm attack flails, just nicks the giant.  One of her arms looks broken.

"Stay away from her!!!"
The out-of-sorts and out-of-place elf find hims*elf* locked in melee combat with the giant. He valiantly chases after the invisible, yet lumbering, assailant.

"You will not harm her!"

He swings wildly, but finds nothing, perhaps he was off by one footfall or more...
Flabbergasted, he looks askance at the giant-crushed foliage around him, wondering what magics are at play here that would have him so unsure of foot.


Bellatrix locks on to the sound of the greatclub's followthrough as she steadies herself from the blow. She pelts blast after blast of hot fire back at the wilting giant.
Her final strike lands true in the nethers of the unwitting creature, laying it low.
As the giant crashes to the ground, the Blood Witch sends her hex flying over to the feeble giant waning on the far reach of the battle, then sends another fiery ray chasing after it.


The witch spits blood at the nearest fallen giant.
Effect Hex removed from FO3.



Bolt after bolt of fire flies past the healthiest of the remaining giants.
She ends her turn in a swirling of emotion that she is not used to embodying anymore. Not since...

"Enough of this."  Daran drops his bow and draws out his two scimitars dramatically.  Seeing the closest giant almost completely down, he strikes out at him with one sword, while spinning and attacking the bottom half of the other in combat with the eladrin leader.


The lone giant, seeing his brethren falling around him...  (1-fights, 2-flees)
He drops his club and starts running the way he originally came, N.

The initial hit as it's leaving doesn't hit him.  The leader falls to his knee, panting.  "Finish him off!"


Daran manages to get him as he runs by, but the eladrin's arrow flies wide.
Maoulue, emboldened by the falling giants all around, dashes toward the final foe.
He pulls the mace up overhead with all his might.

The mace slams into the giant's leg, making far less of an impression than Maoulue has made a scene.
Balls ice over once again....

Bella turns her deathly stare to the last of the giantkin. Once again fel beams emanate from her fingertips to the doomed lifeform in front of her.



She cackles as the giant's life force crackles.
"Now dance for me just like your fallen friends."
She attempts to walk this one into the nearest tree as well.

He does, and hit it.  Hard.  But he has a really hard head.  Deformed, for sure.  But still hard.
