strange-tension"You are quick.  We were hoping for a snack.  The goblins and their mounts will have to do.  When you see Titania, give her a message from us.  We are here.  And we are coming.  First her lands. Then her people.  Then," it makes a disgusting *slurrrping* sound.  "Then we come for her."
Maouelue stares in horror at the bog beast, shocked into stillness for a moment, then righting himself and calling back, "We'll see about that you disgusting slime. A new light shines on these lands that you cannot hope to drench in your foul darkness. Go back to the brimstone quagmire whence you came!"
"Big words for one so young.  And small.  Deliver my message or no.  It matters not.  All come to me in the end."  And it melts back into the bog.
Seconds later, a flash of blue light appears a distance away, in the direction of the forever setting sun.
Maouelue lets out a deep breath with eyes closed as the fiend leaves, then looks up at the horizon, letting the light sear into his eyes and warm his plate. The flash pours in through his eyes to his soul, scouring the remnants of fear and disgust that sought to take root there from this latest encounter.
"Let us away, pray that the eladrin find us."

As the duo shield their eyes to look into the sunset, they see forty or so winter eladrin running through the forest clearing towards them, Otirnis in the lead.  Bellatrix can also be seen, just behind the lady eladrin.
Noticing the ranks and...Bellatrix...rushing in, Maouleue dusts himself up and stands tall, propping Daran up into a casually relaxed posture as he does. 

*Yes, that will have the desired effect.*
The light beams and shatters prismatically across the cool blue-white plate, three frosted platinum spheres still tracing around the mage atomically.
Mao cuts an *impressive* visige, especially considering the gore of the battle around him.  The soldiers go from sprint to jog, then confusion as bodies lay all around them.  (Luck check, please!)
The army approaches you both *extremely* cautiously.  Even Bellatrix, noting the gruesome nature of the arrow-and-frost ridden goblins, worgs, and ogres, gives the both of you a wider berth.  "Ahoy, there," an eladrin yells.  "Are you Maouelue the Mage and Daran the ranger, come from the material plane?  Answer true, or there will be violence in the name of Queen Titania!"
Maouelue let’s his orbs come to a rest, arranging them as verticies in an equilateral triangle surrounding his feet. As he does this, the other six coalesce into a surrounding hexagon, giving the effect of a metallic mandala with the Dragon Mage at its center. ￼

“I am one and the same. My companion and I have needed life-saving measures, both from each other and in service of your kin, having done the same for them amidst similar suspicion. It would seem your lands are overrun with darkness from beneath. It is that which both pushes and draws my company higher. Pray, I seek now violence with the Queen nor any of her *servants*. Mine and our aim together would be to shine mine and thine divine light on the roots of this evil. Would you not agree?”
They look at each other, searchingly.  Otirnis strides forward and, placatingly, tries to ease this strange tension.  "It is well that we found you here.  After the report from Erifias, we though you would be perished.  They send their apologies for the abrupt exit.  We are only able to use our fey transportation once in a full-day's time.  Since they used it to bring our original foursome scouting party to this woods, Erifias was unable to use it again so quickly.  Only after an intense meditation were they able to use it.  They are aware you saved their life.  Erifias was heart-broken that their plan did not work."  She crosses her left hand over her right shoulder and bows deeply to the duo.
Daran goes up to her and lifts her shoulders so that they are face to face.  Her breath catches as they look at each other.  With weariness exuding from him, he returns the salute.  The rest of the soldiers do the same.
Bellatrix scans over the scene, and catches Maouelue's eye.
He catches her eyes and holding them in his gaze, he salutes her in the same fashion, but slowly, intentionally.
She goes to Maouelue, raises him up, and embraces him.  "I thought I lost you."  The wizard hears soft sobbing in his shoulder.
Stunned, not least by her her show of strength to lift him fully clad, Maouelue lets out a great gasp that turns into a laugh before fading to him softly saying, “No, no, no...I’m still here. And I’m glad you’re here with me Bella.”
She smiles, looks down at the ground sheepishly, and says, "I.. I raised a circle of hell when they teleported us and wouldn't bring me back right away."  She looks around, "Seems you did fine by yourselves, though, aye?"  A little brogue comes out, which hadn't been there before.
Not completely certain she didn’t raise an *actual* circle of hell, he replies, “Your wonders never cease milady...” A pregnant pause and then he adds quietly, “I look forward to our private conversation.”
