strange-tension*Maouelue rests by the fire watching the flames. He relaxes his mind into its usual meditative sequence, going over the events of the day, then casting them toward the stars in his mind's eye. Here in the dark cavern, his memory of starlight is lifeblood. Life...he considers this a moment...his run ins with death... These musings form a blip in his usual steady trance. The scene of Briffo's burial blends with the stars. His song comes in and bends its drifting lines, tracing constellations. Now slowly a low hiss grows and distorts the glorious notes, a cruel laugh, darkness begins to set in. Then a flash of platinum blue sears the scene...there is only one constellation, burning radiantly wavering obscuring all else. An outline only visible in the relief of pure light begins to resolve...The vision of divine justice, of good, the king of dragons....Bahamut's form sears itself into the mind's eye. Maouelue is no longer controlling this meditation, this is something else...A silent voice in his head speaks. It says to him simply, "Life." Then the form turns and begins to alight back to the stars, the form now more visible in the new relief of darkness, the void of space feeling ever deeper than ere it has. As Bahamut set wing to space, the last fleeting glimpse before he took flight was dimmed only by a spectral Briffo, nestled in the crook of a wing, looking out over the vast expanse. He lifts a platinum lute and strikes a final chord, fleetingly winking back into Maouelue's eye. Then....it's all gone. The darkness of the abyss becomes the shadows of the cavern receding to the flickering flames of the fire. Maouelue comes to changed. He knows now in his heart he must use his power to bolster the forces of good and channel his power into life. He stands, a new radiance seems to emit from him, awe inspiring, yet distancing. This new strength seems to come at the cost of a certain kind of knowability, but not loyalty or honesty.*
This hunt for the Muhlen sisters is no longer a curiosity. It is a divine decree. Let the roots of evil be laid low for their treachery though the purification of the very soil to which it has taken root.
As he rises, he looks at the frenchmen, their new brethren. He holds a hand to each of their shoulders and says a prayer. He traces the mark of Bahamut in his minds eye as they disappear back into the ether...back into the mirror. A sad, yet pure knowing sets over him as he begins to don the now-empty plate mail. He affixes the Giantess Bracers and Frostbitten Helm. He sets his scabbard to his waist and picks up Frenchy's dagger. Digging around in his pack for a moment, he pulls out a stray piece of silver ore that must have settled to the bottom during their journey. Holding it over the fire with the dagger, he warms the metal and it drinks in the firelight. Bringing it back out, he sets it on the Shield of Disruption and begins shaping it into a draconic form. A symbol for his new devotion.
As he's melding the silver, the feeling of a human hand rests on his shoulder.

Maouelue turns, expecting to see the stranger from the fight before.  Instead, he sees a blond man, ethereal, radiating powerfully bright aura around him.
"Your faith will be your reward.  Know that I will be here, watching over you.  When you most need me, look to the East, look for your patron."
He touches your shoulder, sending radiant energy through the wizard's body.
As he disappears, and Maouelue looks back to the shield, you sense the metal is different now.  On closer inspection...  the metal dragon is platinum.
An ebullition of all proportions sears into the cavity in Maouelue's chest, swelling him from his very core outward. A divine pride and devotion seem to reinforce the very sinews of his being. He picks up the shield and slings it over his left arm. His fingers grip the hilt of the sword and he unsheathes it, holding it point upward directly between his eyes. He lets the firelight bend off the sharpened edges of his sword into the back of his mind. Then he stands his silent vigil over the camp.
Deleted counter Inspiration12.




*Dieter stirs in the way that animals do during a rest after a long day of chasing prey only to be left hungry. He awakens with a bear-like snort and shields his eyes at what seems like an awful lot more light than he was expecting. He blinks several times and sees the remaining flames of the campfire shining brightly off a suit of arms that is sitting across from him. He looks side to side and sees a few scattered bits of equipment. This disappearance of his mirror companions always seems to take a toll, and it makes him feel there is something more than unusual about these illusory sorties. He'll be minding the mirror in a different way now. Returning from his thoughts, he now realizes that the armored man is not entirely familiar to him. As he rises to take a better look, he rubs his eyes, and in this moment, Maouelue removes his helm and holds it at his side, fixing his companion with a celestial stare. Dieter knows instantly that things will not be the same. There is no mistaking the image before him and the vast transformation he sees embodied. Maouelue flatly queries, "Brother, will you follow me into this darkness, to burn it from within? In the name of Briffo and the Lord Bahamut."
Dieter is all at once taken aback and on board with the mission. Whatever this new faith was, it would clearly help lead to the destruction of this coven that seemed to be taking him further and further from his homelands. He longs for a sight of the sea, and the liquid reflections of the pure metal on Maouelue's shield briefly take him there. He nods back into the unrelenting stare. Gathering up what bits of equipment the henchmen...no! Frenchy and Stenchy...had left behind. He remembers something suddenly, then looks around the scene.*
"Flume? Are you there?"
"Aye, over here.  And it's Frume, lad."  He chuckles.  Dieter clocks him using a knife on the orc leader.
"Right, right."  He rips something from the orc's hide, wipes his knife on the dead creature's ragged clothing, and sheaths it.  He puts the hide patch into his pack, then points E.  "A bit of a walk thata way is a stone entrance, 'bout 3 feet wide, 7 foot tall, aye?  All I know about it about seven or eight of those bastards guarding it.  The orcs that came through here got into a scrape with them, couldn't quite see if they finished all of the snakies, but that might be a good place to start for the day?"


*The group wastes no time setting out, they pack up their gear and Dieter reappropriates a few of the items he had given to Frenchy. The trio stride over to the stone entrance, Maouelue's heavy armor making no secret of their approach.*
*The march of the heavy plate echoing off the walls mingles with the illusion of a shimmering hum emanating from the Dragon Mage. The image of justice presses on unwaveringly to the lair of evil serpents.*
