strange-tensionMaouelue makes to shield their conversation from the main group by moving in front of Bellatrix with his back turned toward the rest.

"It wasn't.....it wasn't you? What did you feel? What did it do to you? Your healing? Did it come from the drake?..."

He catches himself in his rush of questions, then pauses, and morphs his tone.

"You were unbelievable... I knew there was more to you than meets the eye, but....there was something else today. Something that I had not yet seen revealed. Breathtaking...."
She blushes, but still looks perturbed.  "You're pretty amazing yourself."  She moves a lock of jet black hair behind her ear.  "And yes, the healing, everything at the end...  It was like I was... inhabited."  She looks up at Maouelue, scared.
"We must find some time to delve further into this mystery, yet I fear if we conspire here much longer, our hosts' newfound acceptance may once again turn to suspicion. Let us make our way with the group and find rest ere long. There is much I would discuss with you *in confidence*."
He fixes her with a soft yet penetrating gaze, then starts to offer his hands, but thinks twice and abashedly puts them away, turning back to the group.
The witch follows.
“Pardon our withdrawal good fellows. There was something of a, err, private matter we needed to discuss. Pray, let us get back to the matters at hand. Is everyone quite well enough to carry on, or are any more in need of healing ministrations?”
Otirnis answers, looking at Erifias, "As long as we move slowly, I am ready to leave this place.  Allow me to lead us, liege?"



The group at large takes time to regenerate and renew their energies.  Amazingly, the ealdrin, Maouelue, and even Daran seem to completely heal.  Had it only been an hour?  Time does work strangely in the Feywild, and this sobers all to that realization.  Meanwhile, Bellatrix and her sister scour the wilderness for ingredients. Finally, when all were rested and repaired, Erifias says, "Well, now, I believe we are all in better health.  Let us make our way.   We can discuss things as we move.   Is that acceptable?"
"Yes, I believe that is the best course of action. My ears are open fellows, let us listen deeply and understand much."
"Very well." Everyone packs up and begins heading our, Otirnis leading the way silently.  Bellatrix and the old woman follow the female eladrin, while Maouelue and the eladrin leader speak behind them.  Taking up the rear is Daran, ever watchful.  As all eyes scan the forest for signs of movement, life, or danger.  (Imagine the story telling as a beautiful ballad, not the quick-and-dirty I'm going to drop here!)
"I don't know how much you know about the Feywild, so I'll start there.  It is our understanding that we are a part of your material plane, and yet not.  We are the closest cross-over, however we are also afloat in the astral sea.  Some say we are a part of Arvandor, which is why Elves find themselves renewed here above all else.  Some say we're a plane of Olympus of Celestia, where the great dragon dwells.  In truth, we are simply...  the Feywild.  And we do what we can to preserve the balance of good and evil while benefitting from this land's beauty.
"Otirnis and I are the protectors of seelie fey.  Our court is led by the High Queen Titania, and her Lord Oberon.  They rule in the city in the clouds, Senaliesse.  All of the seelie archfey live there, which is nigh impenetrable from its place in the heavens.  For us and our part, we live in the city of Astrazalian, which is watched after by Queen Titania's sister, the good sister, Queen Tiandra.  The bad sister, The Queen of Air and Darkness," he shudders, "She lives in the Feydark and commands forces of those abominations you fought earlier. Fomorians, they're known as.  Diseased and deformed because of their love of deceit and trickery.  They would have us seelie fey grovel and serve them for eternity, which is why we fight.
"The Queen of Air and Darkness has no love in her heart.  She was to be the one to look over Astrazalian, but a contingent of dwarves brought the woman a black crystal that turned her heart to stone and bent her will to evil.  She will stop at nothing to rid this great land of the seelie fey.  Her co-horts, they're considered the unseelie.  Problem is, you never can tell which you're speaking with until it's too late.  Part of our hesitation with you and your folk here, mage.  Again, I hope that you will forgive us our intensity.   But it is how we have to be with our borders under constant attack.
"And lately, not just our borders.  Astrazalian has been attacked thrice in the last season.  Once in ten years is even more than normal, so this...  I can tell you, both Queens Titania and Tiandra are concerned what this means for the future of the feywild at large.  Goblins are joining with the fomorians.  They're recruiting the Moon Court, as well.  Which means lycanthropes may be at our gates at night, and giants and goblins attack during the day.  No one can fight a battle on three sides.  And there might be an archwizard at play here, too.  From your world.
