strange-tensionFeeling as though the door is securely fastened, and not hearing the animal from beyond the threshold moving about, a calm comes over the group.  There is a sense of (strange) tension, either held over from the former fight or from the overwhelming *otherness* of the room.  Either way, the hackles are raised on all within that small study.
Well past the point of needing a breather, Dieter urges the group to sit for a moment before investigating further. He passes out what is left of the restoratives and passes out some rations. Jaecob tends to his various gouges and scrapes as the whelp and snail curl up beside one another for a short rest.




@Russell
Rolling 3 iterations...
1d10 (9) + 3 = `12`
1d10 (**1**) + 3 = `4`
1d10 (**10**) + 3 = `13`
29 total.



“You know, there’s something delicious about these swirling red ones after a fight…” Jaecob chuckles. 

Dieter let’s out an appreciative snort in reply then gathers himself up enough to stand. It’s only now he begins to fully take in the room around him.

As the short rest continues, the druid looks around and sees everything Jaecob sees along with the door on the south wall.  It's made of a very strange material, akin to metal, again like the sieve-table.  Odd markings line the entire outline and a rectangle of different material is set into the direct middle of the door.
Dieter walks over to the square and addresses it while Jaecob tends to raking the room for anything useful.
The off-colored rectangle in the middle of the door is non-descript, aside from it's different color than the rest of the door.  All of it has a dull metallic sheen to it, and the rectangle is darker that the rest.  The map is available for the taking (or inspection), as well as the potions on the wall.  There's also the individual potion ingredients strewn about the room, you can do a survival check to find out what you can get there.  (Or let me know if you're looking for something specific and I can let you know if it's there.)
Dieter strolls over and gives the map to Jaecob for a closer look while taking his time going over the nature of the alchemical supplies.


There are quite a few things here that are ingredients for health potions.  With that check, Dieter can get enough for 2 standard or 1 greater.

"We had better take our time here getting ready. Who knows when we'll be able to breathe next." Dieter intones ominously which is met with a gruff acquiescent grunt from Muhlen junior.
Dieter sets about his work, thinking back to the priestess of Ilmater all that while ago and of the deadly chase of the Muhlen sisters... *Jaecob...*

"I...I am sorry Jaecob. I'm not sure if we've ever discussed what happened...to your...father's favorite daughters..."
The map is a detailed crosssection of the underdark, or at least certain strategic locations.  Several cities are mentioned - Menzoberranzan, Earth's End, Gauntlgrym, Blingdenstone, Sloopdilmonpolop - but the biggest one, a section with a giant circle around it, is the *Fallen City of Asharladon*.

The potions are - standard health potion, potion of clairvoyance, and potion of scrying.  

Lastly, it's unclear as to what needs to be done with the door, but it looks really solid.
"Veena...Hozieh..."
Dieter shifts uncomfortable in his stance.
"Ah, them.  Ye kill 'em?"
Taken aback at the matter-of-fact tone, Dieter stumbles to a few nods and grunts. "I am sorry."
"Nah, don't be.  They've been tryin' to kill me for years.  Why else do ya think I'm hiding around down here, gatherin' my own army?  They were always tryin' to take control of the Runemark legacy, along with Wilm.  Shits, all of 'em.  Here's the question, though...  ye sure they're dead?"  He winks at you, goodnaturedly.
Dieter’s uncomfortable shifting takes on a new tone. *Could he be sure? Everything was- is such a blur now.*
“I need to get back to the sea.”


"Not me.  Staying the hell away from there, if I can help it.  I ever tell you about my time with the giants?"
“Go on…”
"Where we got our family name from, "The Runemark".  See, my father, that rat bastard, sailed the Sea of Swords all the way across the world.  Legends say he went to Maztica, some say he fell of the side of the world, others mention a portal that took him to the island of the giants.  Whichever way he got there, he got there.  He used to tell us that he was stranded, all of his crew gone, and the giants were about to kill him when he offered them a scroll of wish...  Bullshite if ye ask me, but any way ye cut it, he came back from that situation with the knowledge of giant runes.
"Those things are inherently magic, and he could have been an artificer or enchanter, maybe even an evoker...  but what does he do?  Writes on lead and copper pieces a rune that turns them into gold!  And it's an illusion spell, so it doesn't actually *change* anything, just make 'em look like gold!
