strange-tensionA crackling comes from the druid's hands.  (Give me an arcana check, then a dex save.)


The magic goes through, but not without consequences.  A sharp pain slices through Dieter's mind, sending him to his knees.
“Aaaaaghh! What the...?”
Dieter rubs his temples, each of which just felt a short sharp shock. “Well, these will come in handy at least. Might need to wait a bit longer before trying that again. And surely I shouldn’t go all firestarter anytime soon.”
"We need to get us some weaponry.  Who knows what's down here.  I've heard some strange stories."
“Do you know where they took our things?”
"Aye, back at the head of that hall.  We might be able to find a way up, but it might be better to beg off that stuff.  You have anything you can't part with in your pack?"
“...a great. many. things.”
“But let us not needlessly throw ourselves into the lions den. I’ll search with you down here for some means to recover what was stolen.”
"Aye.  Lets make our way...  west.  Should be that way, might be able to find a way up.  Still think the best way out is through these catacombs."
“Frume. Let us continue on cautiously. Stand back and if I am apprehended, you flee.”
Dieter pushes up to the next corner and peeks around.
"Like hell I will.  No one gets outta here alive on their own.  Least that's what I heard.  Nothing down here we can't handle, right?!"
“Right. Let’s do this.” Dieter stops himself a moment. “You think there’s equipment in the catacombs?”
"I think there might be.  Could be rusted all to shite, but it'll be better than anything we got at the moment."
As the pair peer left, they see a wall at the end of a very short hall.  (Perception check, please!  Also, afk for kiddos bedtimes.)

Dieter senses that there's something off about the wall.
Dieter looks for a non-magical stone to throw at it.
Dieter tosses a rock at the wall...  and it passes through.
“Sheeeiiiiiit. Let’s go!”
"You might be too excited about this, let me head in first.  If there is someone over there, they might recognize me."  He pushes by and steps through the barrier.
*Now what is this guy up to?...*
Frume picks his head back through. 
"You're...  You're gonna wanna see this.  Put something over your nose, first, though."
Dieter finds two lesser pebbles with which to snuff his snout, then follows Frume.
"What in the buddy Bahamut is this!?"
You walk into a nightmare.  Bloody implements are hanging on the wall and strewn about tables.  Blood is staining the walls and floor, some dried, some still very wet.  A trail is coming from a wooden door in the N wall.  On the table against the W wall, a dissected body is displayed.  Parts of the man's body and sections of skin have been completely removed.  (Perception check or Investigation if you want something specific.)
Dieter walks over to the body and tries to remember the rituals depicted in the vault. Was this akin to any of them? Was there a pattern to this...vivisection? *And just what kind of implements do we have here?*

"Frume...do you know about any of this?"
"I knew they were doing experiments down here, but I just thought it was of the arcane persuasion.  Trying to break the anti-magic barrier, that sort of thing.  This..."  He looks like he's going to be sick.
Dieter looks over the body.  It does look familiar to what you've seen before in the vault, more depraved though.  Not a specific pattern that he can tell.  There are all sorts of torture, butchering, and slicing equipment.  If you wanted to grab something as a weapon, you'll have a selection to choose from.  (Investigation check for weaponry.)

You find 3 rusted daggers, caked in blood.  You also find one *very* sharp sickle.

"Guess these'll have to do." He takes a sickle and a dagger and hands the other two to Frume.
"Been a while since I used one of these, but...it's just like riding a dolphin."
Frume also finds a rusted dagger and a makeshift club.
"Thank ye, friend.  Ne'er had a chance to ride a dolphin.  Gods willing, I'll be able to try when I get back to the sea!"
"Ah the sea...Someday Frume. And I haven't forgotten about our promise either..." He looks meaningfully at the crippled man and then blushes at handing him two daggers.
"Well anyway...you can throw them too...Never can have...enough...daggers."
You notice as you hand him the daggers...   his has both of his hands.
"Aye, true!"  He flips the two with both hands, then pockets them.  He's got the dagger in his left hand, the club in his right.  "To the door, then?"
Dieter blinks in amazement. "Well...I guess...now I know why I forgot! What in the nine– How?!?"
"How, what?"
"Your–Your handS!"
Updated and saved data for The Frumious Bandersnatch!
Dieter shakes his head once more in amazement and begins to head north toward the door.
"Oh, the hand, yeah!  Had a good healer in camp.  And someone willing to lend me a...  hand!  Eh?  Eh?  All right, lets go through the door.  You checking it for traps, or should I?"
