strange-tensionDaran smiles and he tucks into more food.  The waiter arrives again, bringing a frilly plate of appetizers piled high.  "Enjoy!" he says with a flourish and bow, and promptly exits.  Murmurs from around the assembled patrons catch the pairs attention, and they look down the street to see a large, golden carriage pulled by four stark white draft horses.  If it were full sunlight, the scene would be blinding.  But in the seemingly forever late evening sunlight, it is resplendent in a golden aura, an orange-hued halo surrounding everything.  Some of the elves in attendance stand and clap, believing a member of the Court to be inside.
“What did I tell you! Riding in style.”
Daran looks in slack-jawed horror between the people clapping, the carriage, the opulent scene unfolding before him.  The guard that suggested the restaurant hops is marching at the front of the procession.  He sees the group, waves, and makes his way over, the horses being driven around to a more sequestered location.
The waiter comes out again, this time with the fish, and the guard lets out a little yelp.  He thanks the waiter, sits down to tuck in, and says, "Thank you gentlemen most kindly.  This is truly a treat."  To the other guard, he says, "Did I miss anything?"  The other shakes their head and stands at attention off to the side, taking his job extremely seriously.
The carriage stops in front of the shop and Bellatrix and her sister step out.  They both give Maouelue mischievous grins and start making their way into the restaurant.
*Well, this just keeps getting better and better,* he smiles to himself.
A twinkle of the crows foot, a cool gesture with an outstretched palm.
Bellatrix grasps the hand as she passes by, into the main part of the restaurant.  Daran arches an eyebrow and smiles, shaking his head.  The guard is making loud slurping sounds, making some around them turn to look.
The waiter comes out with two large plates, on which roasted half birds sit, surrounded by flowers and vegetables.  "Enjoy," he says again, bowing and flourishing.
Maouleue stands up and begins to toast his company a bit ostentatiously, eyeing fleetingly the various groups around the room as he does so, monitoring their responses in a bit of a baiting manner. They are making a scene here and he wants the onlookers to know also that they are seen. 

“My friends! Thank you for gathering here with me on this fine day. The best bottles and bottles to each of you, oh companions of renown. Though the eyes of our foes be many, the resolve of our hearts be true! Long live Queen Titania and Lord Oberon, and may our friendship and kinship be renewed and strengthened as we fight for the heart of this city!”
“Let us raise our glasses to, those who have fallen,  those  who are falling, and those who teeter on the precipice.” At this last, he lets his eyes linger on the hushed group he and Daran had been monitoring, nearly imperceptibly nodding his head in their direction before returning his gaze to Bellatrix and the others.
Applause bursts out from the surrounding tables, cackling from the sister, and general merriment at the boisterous words.  Bellatrix gives Maouelue a wry smile and a tilt of the head, as if in wonder of what his plans hold next.  Several waiters come out to fill empty and empty-ing goblets and glasses.  Even the crowd outside of the restaurant gets in on the positive attitude, some even entering the establishment because of it.  (Perception check, please!)

The table Daran overheard is eyeing all of your group *hard*.  Not in an overly menacing way at all, just extremely curious and being very obvious about it.
There are five people in all, four men and a woman.  All look to be either spring eladrin or run-of-the-mill elves.
Maouelue leans over to one of his handlers and mentions as much, asking whether these folks are known to the palace guard.
The one eating checks what Maouelue says, but is very careful not to give away too much.  With a boisterous yell and a flamboyant show, he pours more wine for everyone, getting up and offering his seat to the older sister.  Who sits in it with a giggle/cackle.  A gackle, if you will.  As the guard moves around the table, filling drinks, his eyes move deftly over the group.  He pulls a chair out at a nearby empty table for Bellatrix, then sits himself opposite, directly behind Maouelue.  Without a beat, the wizard hears behind him in a low whisper, "The woman is Tinebrae, works at a seedier tavern by the docks.  The husky one is Maradeim, the blonde one is Tannivh.  Both work in warehouses by the docks.  The other two I don't know.  Do you require something from them, lord wizard?"
"Fill them a round of the wine and send my blessings."
"The... ah...  the Elverquisst, my lord?"
"Indeed."
Astonished, the guard nods and goes to find the waiter.  Moments later, a yell comes up from the other table as the wine is presented and the waiter explains the table's good fortune.
Maouelue raises his glass and catches their eyes, in a pantomime toast.
The men are pretty inebriated already, but the woman eyes Maouelue cautiously.  She turns to her group, says something, and the rest of them scoff, raising their glasses high and enjoying the present.  The woman, frustrated, folds her arms and stews.  She continues to look back and forth, secretively, between the two tables.
The magnanimous metal mage meanders over to the meddling meetup he's monitoring.
"Fine day my fellow! Enjoy the wine, I did not want our revelry to encroach upon your table's experience negatively." At these last words he looks hard at the frowning woman.
