strange-tension"Words are meaningless - I would urge you to judge with your eyes.  What have you *seen* of your father so far, hmm?  Told you of his existence well into your life, only to set you on a path he would not dare tread?  Inform you of a history, a family you've never known only to rip it all away from you the next second?  You're not the first he's done this to, and you will not be the last.  He is the basest form of evil - a truly selfish man without compulsion to be better.   Yet he would dangle his 'legacy' over other's heads as a treasure, only to lead them down a primrose path.  

"No, I would not give you motivation based on words, lies, Lumao.  I would instead have you see what end your father has brought you to.  There are but two ways out of this tower - one is death; the other is owing the Pale Prince.  Either are shackles, and there is no boon to gather.  All is villainy and woe.  This was set from the start.  You and I were but a sacrifice, an offering from our dear father.  I only hope, one day, that I can repay his favor."
A tear begins to fall from Maouelue’s left eye. It freezes before it hits his trembling lips. He had never felt so cold before. Here in the dark, in the churn once again, those cold brutal words take hold in a deep recess of Maouelue’s spirit. He stifles a croak before he replies, “Thank you brother. I see the truth in your words. I understand your anger. May we meet again some day, somewhere that the Summer’s light still reaches.” A beat, then, “There is however one thing I hold that is truly mine own and of which no circumstance shall leave me bereft...

*Hope.*

Goodbye Shi’Veilan. May the light of the Eldar find you again.”

With this, Lumao Albrek turns away to face his fate. 

“Come Prince. Let us end this.”
The monotone delivery of his brother's words still in his head, Maouelue feels more than sees the messaging portal vanish.  Looking back on the tree, it still has a handful of leaves on it, but the ice has fully invaded the bulk of the branches now.  In the outer room, Maouelue hears a loud scraping sound, of stone on stone.

As he peers back into the statue room, the frost giant is slowly rotating, showing a recess underneath the floor.  The statue comes to a halt, and a spiral staircase starts rising into view.  It curls up, up, touching the ceiling and moving through is, as if through an illusion.  Moments later, the stairs come to a halt.
Maouelue, like the tree beside him, feels so very close now. Maybe his release will finally come. He resigns himself to the ascent.

“I’m glad Dieter isn’t here to see this.”
As Maouelue takes his first step up the staircase, he hears a crackling behind him.  His head snaps over to see a blond haired man in a brilliant platinum breastplate, short red half cape on his back, bending over and examining the fallen leaves at the base of the tree.
“Could it be?” Maouelue turns back to his patron and genuflects. “Master, of all the times and all the places, you are most welcome here. I am slipping on the brink of failure. I pray for your guidance, oh lord of Dragons.”
The man looks up, his smile genuine, but Maouelue can see there is hurt, too.  
"Please, I am not your Master, yon mage.  Just a messenger.  Bahamut smiles upon you and your goal, Lumao.  He wishes to aid you however he can.  I see you have found the wand of Celestia.  Bahamut will be pleased his chosen is wielding such a powerful aid."
“Of course of course, I am yet but a fledging servant and cannot fathom the mysteries such as they are. I accept His grace and can feel the starlight returning to my heart through the sheer proxy of His presence. 

The wand of Celestia, you say? What can you tell me of its lineage?”
He chuckles, softly.  "Tis a long and storied history, in truth.  There once was a being who desired a hallmark, of sorts, from his travels through the planes.  It came upon a golden pool, and a tree that grew nearby.  So fascinated by the tree it looked upon it for ages.  As if granting a wish, the being stared long enough to see a single golden apple appear.  The apple was plucked, the being went off.  Soon after, the being was hungry and ate the apple.  Not wanting to waste the precious seeds, he planted the core in his own garden, which was magical.  The tree grew, sans pool of course.  As it grew, the being looked for another delicious apple to grow.  But nothing happened, and the being grew frustrated with his souvenir.  As time went by and the tree refused to bear any fruit, the being became angrier and angrier.  Eventually, incensed at his prize, he ordered the tree cut down, and to have it made into a variety of different items."
"A limb of the tree went to a wand maker of particular lore.  With a core as the heart-string of an ancient platinum dragon, the Wand of Celestia was born.  It has some peculiar properties, mostly healing and the like.  Legend says it has special properties for certain carriers, as well.  Either way, I should dare say it will help you in a bind," he says with a wink.

He moves to the tree.  "And what are we to do with you, old friend?"
(Religion check on the wand, if you want!)


"I... I tried to care for the apple, but," replies Maouelue, now voicing his deep concern for the first time, "I dropped the golden apple. Have I doomed it at last?"
The man turns to you and smiles, puts a hand on your shoulder.  Maouelue feels a warmth emanating from the man into his very soul, a peace that passes all understanding.  

"No, young one.  You have not doomed this tree or yourself.  I dare say you might still find it in this tomb.  Take heart.  And know that we are with you always.  Is there anything you would ask before you go forward in your quest?"

"What  can you tell me of the Pale Prince?"
