strange-tensionShouldering his pack, he stands, grasps the other's hands.   He closes his eyes and the room starts spinning around them.  It blurs as the object in the middle of the group shines a bright yellow.  The floor falls away, the walls fall away, Daran opens his eyes.   Black pools look out from his sockets.  He raises his head, mouthing words unheard.  Winds still spin around the group.  Vaguely, colors come back to the void.  Beautiful pinks and purples mix with lush and vibrant greens and yellows.  Dark brown woods come into view.  Interspersed, violet flowers that look mixed with fireworks and glitter about in the forest.
Birds tweet in the trees, random noises indicate small woodland creatures scurry underfoot and overhead.  It smells of fresh soil and a cool breeze plays throughout the group.
Daran takes a deep breath and smiles.  Bellatrix and the old woman do the same.  They all look around, taking in their new surroundings.
Maouleue fairly swoons as the pages of his devotion are spread out, in the flesh, all around him. The chroma of colors swirls into his eyes and stirs deep chords within this spirit. He stumbles slightly over to Daran and falls into a weighty hug that turns into spurts of sobbing. 

“The beauty....it’s more than i ever imagined...listen to the song of the birds! I....I...”

Words fail the overwhelmed elf.
Daran pats Mao's back.  "I know.  I know."
They de-embrace, still looking at their surroundings, taking it all in.  The sisters are doing the same.  Daran eventually picks up the object from the ground and, putting it in his pack, picks out something else and starts walking in a wide circle around the group, holding the item out before him.
Maouelue’s academic mind kicks in. He studied Daran’s movements with a trained eye, determined to glean everything he can from this experience.

Daran notices Maouelue intently watching him.  He says, not turning away from his circling, "The Feywild is one of two planes that directly overlap the material plane.  Natural landmarks mimic themselves across these veils, as do cities and even people, sometimes.  This compass is a way for me to get my bearings down.  If I'm to lead us to where we need to be, I need to be as close to where we first met in the material plane.  Then we can cross back.  If we do so before, who knows where we might end up."
"Oh, and be wary of the foods here.  Might be best if I check them first."


Birds chirp, leaves scuttle.  The late-evening sun streams through the trees casting rays of light throughout.  It is utter bliss for Maouelue, who feels he has returned home.  Daran nods, looks off in a direction East/SE, scanning through the trees.  Moments later, satisfied with his assessment, he shoulders his pack and says, "Are we ready to go?"
“Yes,” Maouelue says, bringing himself around. “It is time we were on our way.”


Not but five steps into the long trek, four figures descend down from the high tree boughs.  Unheard, unseen until just now, these elves have pale white skin, almost like it is frosted over.  Their long hair is bluish white, tied back by intricate baubles that look to be glass or ice.   Their clothes are dark blues and whites, and with the surrounding woods, take on a greenish tint as well.  They all hold strong looking, but delicately beautiful bows.  Two of them, in the rear of the foursome, have lethal looking arrows nocked.  The other two stare daggers at Daran and Maouelue respectively.  In a deeply sonorous, mournful tone, an androgynous looking one closest to the party steps forward, bow at their side, and says, "You are trespassing in our home, the Glimmerwood.  As you do not seem to be from Faerie, you will have to explain yourselves.  It is unwise to be here without a winter eladrin scout."
Maouelue’s mind races back too all the books he ever read on the Eldarin, frantically trying to think of something that would save them.
He searches Daran pleadingly.
Daran holds his hands out. "Please accept our deepest apologies.  My name is Daran Edermath, son of Yanoros Edermath, of the Imperios Ralohorn bloodline.  I am a Horizon Walker, one of the called protectors of Myth Evereska.  These here are under my safeguard.  We are traversing the Feywild in hopes to defeat a newly arrived doom to Faerun.  There is much need for us to make haste through your realm, I apologize sincerely for the intrusion."
(Did Mao want to add anything?)
For once, Maouleue is speechless.

The elves look between each other, then size up the group again.  The lead elf raises his arm, moves it slightly behind him.  They say, "Cruiver, Otirnis, lower your bows."  Without any of them taking their eyes off you, their weapons are lowered.  
"Hear this, Master Protector of Myth Evereska, you are not welcome here.  This not your home.  Maybe the other one with you could stay if he truly wanted.  But know this - even though you have the capability of coming here, you have neither the authority or welcome to be in Faerie.  We will walk you to the closest crossing.  There you must leave our lands."  The lead two turn to move further into the forest, the other two are waiting for you to pass to take up the rear.  Daran looks sadly at Maouelue.  Softly, he says, "Sorry Maouelue.  Not the best reception for your first visit here."
