strange-tensionThe E door is closed, but not locked.  The carvings read oddly, a few have been scratched away.  Frume meanders to the S door, burping small flames every now and again.
"Whatcha make of these carvings, Dieter?"
Dieter stows the third ale, knowing what it does now, he hopes to see the look on Maouelue's face when he gets the chance to quaff this last.
He traipses over to Frume all the while keeping a nose out for the source of the wind.
The Druid's eyes flick back and forth over the distressed carvings.
The breeze feels like it's coming from different directions at different times.  (Arcana check for the doors, please!)

It's tough because these look like they're legible, but the language is either very ancient, or set up to trick your eyes when you read it.
Dieter turns back to his search for the wind. He produces a flame to help guide him in the direction of the draft, watching as the flames are pushed this way and that.
The flame in his hand flutters, dives.  Corrects and becomes still.  Then violently wavers again.  It becomes like bubbling, boiling water.  It grows in size, double, now treble the size it once was.  In shadows above, gliding down, is a shadow spectre, wrapped in grey smoke and floating down directly at the druid!
Dieter releases the flame and steps backward, assessing his options.
With what time he has, he takes note of the spectre’s shape and form trying to perceive its alignment.
It's ethereal, swathed in smoke.  It is not being aggressive, however.
“Greetings, dark spirit.” Dieter coughs in his best abyssal.
The smoke roils and expands.  A hoarse scream comes from the center of the entity.  Dieter looks and Frume and the spectre are holding their heads in their hands.

Frume hits the floor, a line of blood running from his nose.
“Something you want to tell me, Frume?!?”
"That voice, lad.  Cuts straight to my brain, I guess."  He wipes the blood away as he comes to sitting.
The spectre stays hovering, but is backed further away.  There is a soft blue light illuminating the smoke now.
This time Dieter slowly approaches the light making no vocalization. He walks steadily and reaches out for the blue.
The ghost reaches out for Dieter.
Dieter makes to take its....hand?

“I will not be overtaken. I am here to commune.”
The visage seems to cock it's head.  A message, a soft voice in the back of Dieter's head, barely audible, speaks, "Can't.  Have to. Show."
Dieter is feeling the dark pull. The thirst for knowledge. The thirst for the power to drive his own destiny....
He takes a deep breath of smoke.
The druid is engulfed in smoke.  Frume gasps and reaches out for his friend, but his hand encloses on nothing.  Dieter is transformed...  And the two beings.  Vanish.
We last left Maouelue and Daran on the road back to Oakhurst.  They've taken a side road as to stay away from the Runemark's men.  As they make their way down the trail, they're on the lookout for enemies.
Daran has a keen eye and he constantly looks toward the horizon for any hints of trouble.

The weather is overcast, looking on the verge of rain.  Daran smiles at the clouds.  The duo make their way down the road in safety.  (D100, please!)
While walking down the road, the pair round a bend and see a human woman, clutching her leg, prone in the middle of the road.
Ouelue calls out in her most cloying voice, "Oh dear, my fellow lady, are you in need of assistance? What happened here?"
"OW!  Someone shot me!  Please help me!"
As Ouelue gets closer, she notices a bolt sticking out of the woman's hamstring.
"Surely darlin' you would be so kind as to help this distressed maiden here. You know I haven't the...color for such work. That's a dear..."
Daran eyes Ouelue askance and moves to check the woman over.

"This is in too far for me to do anything.  We have to move you."
The ranger goes to wrap his arms underneath the woman, and she screams.  Shaking her head, she says, "No, it hurts too much.  Damn!  Here.  Please.  I need to get this to Kennet Arrunson.  He runs the Pig and Falcon in Oakhurst.  This needs to get to him tonight.  Can you do this?"
"We can't just leave her here..."
Ouelue braces and approaches the lady. She stifles a retch and lays her hands around the wound.

Daran scans the surrounding area.  "Keep an eye."  He turns around 360 degrees to search the woods.  To the woman, he says, "Did you see where the shot came from?"

The woman shakes her head.  She then says, "Thank you lady.  Ah.  It still hurts.  Here, please take this."  She brings out a silvered feather pin and asks, "Can I pin this to you and deputize you into the messenger guild?"
"Nay...You will be healed."
"This may sting a bit..."
Ouelue pulls hard at the bolt and presses the wound, beginning to chant.
Her eyes go wide.


The bolt catches on something, she screams and...
Stays conscious, but just barely.
"We need to get off the road.  All of us."  Daran looks at Ouelue meaningfully.
