strange-tensionTaking the NE door, the hallway leads to a curved wall and another door, slighly left ajar.  As soon as the first door is open, sounds of scuffling and scraping can be heard from the room beyond.  Yelling in a gutteral language and occasional yipping is heard, too, creating quite a din.  (No need to roll stealth, but if you want to check and see what's in the room, roll a sleight of hand, please!)
Dieter turns back to his crew and raises a finger to his lips as he crouches just a bit and sidles up to the door to take a peek.

The door is only open a slight bit, and the number of beasts and creatures inside can't be figured.  But there are some large beasts...  and some creatures possibly training them.  And, amazingly enough, just beyond the crazed action of matted hair and green-grey bodies running amok, Dieter can see a lowered drawbridge and it's mechanism...  and grey stone beyond, a glint of sunlight - *real* sunlight - splashing on a crag several hundred feet beyond.
“Blessed be the light…” Dieter lets out a sigh of relief. He takes a moment to check himself over, patting down his various pockets and bags.
“Stay here and wait for my signal,” he says the group, then lifts his left hand and touches his golden ring. His form dissipates into nothingness and the door opens gently.


(Oh hey, didn’t see your reply.)
Dieter pulls back the door just far enough to squeeze through, then begins to move across the span and assess the masses for a potential plan, a potential route through. If they could just reach the bridge…
It might be tough because not only are there a couple rough looking goblins, but they're training two very large animals...

Sensing now the closest thing to freedom he has seen in a long time, Dieter makes his move. He whispers back through the door to his crew, "Jaecob, be ready with your swords. Flayco, this time it's your turn to shine. Shelli...guard the door here." And with this, he moves off to the right side of the room, still invisible, preparing his energies for what is to come.
Before Jaecob can protest further, Flayco flops in and follows his person's orders. Squawking and making a grotesque yet comical scene as he enters into the room.
FL1 was added to combat with initiative 1d20 (12) + 2 = `14`.


2
Shelli was added to combat with initiative 1d20 (14) - 3 = `11`.
GO1 was added to combat with initiative 1d20 (3) + 2 = `5`.
GO2 was added to combat with initiative 1d20 (7) + 2 = `9`.
BA1 was added to combat with initiative 1d20 (18) + 2 = `20`.

BA2 was added to combat with initiative 1d20 (12) + 2 = `14`.
FL2 was added to combat with initiative 1d20 (6) + 2 = `8`.
All effects removed from FL2.
FL2 removed from combat.
You do not have permission to view this combatant's attacks.


Flayco let’s out a horrific gurgle as he hocks something up from deep within, then sprays back at his assailant.

Petulant stomping follows as the gross, thick spittle fails to fly forward and instead sticks to his front lip and flops down embarrassingly.
The sulking whelp stomps around in an erratic circle, flapping and flailing its displeasure.



Surprised at biting into something, the animal jumps back, letting the druid go and backing up a bit.
"Damnit!" Dieter lets out unwillingly as he reels from the bite. He pulls a bead of sweat now forming on his brow down and rubs it between his fingers. "Mother Sea guide me back home!"

The small bead of sweat seems to drink the wind in from the opening to the sunlight. As it takes in the energies, it begins to swell and sway into a giant wash of water that pushes out across the room from Dieter, sweeping out and crashing upon the four hapless creatures.

All effects removed from Dieter Deleter.
Dieter makes the most of this brief moment of surprise and chaos to dart further around the side of the room inching ever closer to the door, and light.


"Let's get the fuck out of here!" cries Jaecob, as a veil of red washes over his eyes.




Jaecob hurls his dagger full force through as he steps momentarily through the door, then ducking  back in to take cover, knowing the plight he is currently in, the rage though continues to build.
The snail, nonplussed by the situation at hand, pulls her head back into her shell for the time being.
[Shell Defense]
The barghest, confused by the water, knocked prone by it, is unsure how to proceed...




The bite misses, but the claw rakes against the baby dragons' scales, drawing black ichor.
The two men, looking around at the immediate chaos, see a few more doors in the room, aside from the lowered drawbridge - one to the W, one to the NE, the last to the SE.  When Dieter spies the door leading SE, Alezander Muhlen's breath is felt on the back of his neck.
Startled and a little grossed out, the Druid whips around to face the foul source.
Nothing is there save for the two barghests.  However, you get the indication he wants you to go that route.
"You've got to be kidding me..." Dieter mutters as he stares longingly at the light then back at the door, then back at the light again. "Damn you Muhlen..."
Flapping wildly at the two assailants, Flayco reaches even deeper into his gastrointestinal stores...
*Spat*
*Cloppp*
*Gorrphhh*
*Flaaaaaaghghggh!*



[DC 11 DEX Fail > Confusion]





Wild eyeballs poking out of strange orifices in the whelp's flesh blink wildly in approval at the chaos.
