strange-tensionThe elder elf sees the torment on his pupil's face, and the look of sorrow deepens.  Not only for what has been done, but what needs to be done as well. 

"I shall try to explain.  Some time ago, I was fortunate enough to live in and study the magics of the Feywild, a section of Arborea or Celestia, another plane altogether.  It is where a selection of elves, some would say the *prime* selection of elves, segregated themselves.  It is a land rife with danger, beset on all sides by evil that would tear the elves asunder if they let their guards down for an instant.  Not exactly Arvandor, but, then again, what can be.  I was born there, grew there, learned the secrets of magic there...  and was exiled from that wondrous land because of my...  nature.  A woman was my downfall."  He hangs his head, but there is a smile on his face, in remembrance.  "Noble families can be particular about who they allow into their... erm...  bloodline.  My family... *our* family is not noble born.  We are not eladrin.  But we are still elf, and that should garner some respect, from all corners of Toril."  He shakes his head.  "Anyway, I was exiled and sent through a crossroad to the material plane.  Alone.  To make my way in the great world.  And I did so.  Sometimes alone.  Sometimes, no so much so.  There was a woman.  A druid.  In the wilds of the Neverwinter Wood.  I was near death.  She took me in.  I owe her my life."  He stares into the distance, lost to his thoughts for a moment.
"When she told me she was with child...  I don't know.  I wasn't ready for that.  I was not ready for a life like that.  Nor was I able to give her or the child what they needed, and I knew that.  Yet there was no convincing her of that fact."  Shi'Vandros's long, sorrowful face looks into Lemaoue's soft, tear-filled eyes.  "Your mother and I parted ways that day, not destined to see each other ever again."
He tears his eyes away from you, a tear streaking down his cheek.  "It was several years later that I had the opportunity to try again.  This time with a woman from a small coastal town on the Sword Coast.  A cleric of Lathander, she was, and we had to keep our love a secret.  It was a thrill for me, and when she became... in the family way, I strove to do better.  I told her we could have the child in secret, take a long trip and, when she returned, she could take up the vocation again without anyone being wiser.  So, that's what we did.  She had a friend in the town, we arranged it so that the child would grow up as hers, in her family.  And we would all be able to be happy, at least somewhat.  Both families were so wonderful with the child.  It soon became..."  His voice breaks, a sob pulled from him like a reverse bellows.  Like a dragon breathing fire, the pain of the past came belching from the elder's chest.
"It became clear I was unneeded and unwanted.  I left on the morrow.  Again, never to look back.  Some years later, after I took a position as a teacher here, I looked in on you.  As I've said before, I always knew you had an aptitude for the arcane.  Know you know why I was so adamant."  He smiles at Lamaoue.
"A few years after your lessons began in earnest, I received this letter."  He reaches into a fold of his robes and hands a very crumpled piece of parchment over to the apprentice.  Shi'Vandos then bends at the waist and covers his face with his hands.
Lumao looks up now at Shi’vandos with red, running eyes and reaches out a shaking hand to take the letter, reading it over and over. 

“...And so it comes to this...you would shed your kindred responsibility once more and leave the cleanup to those in your wake? You would have me go in your stead to find this....Shi’vailen, my....my *half-brother*....Do I indeed divine your intent...*father*...

He now holds the letter with two quaking hands, sadness mixed with rage and thoughts of betrayal, of love....of loss. 

“Why...why father? I still...I still...” Lumao fully breaks down now, dropping the letter to the ground and sinking his head fully into his quivering palms.
Shi'Vandos slowly unfurls himself and rises until he is looking his newly named son face-to-face.  He is no longer sad.  He is furious.  
"I would have you learn that which you seek, youngling.  I would have you take what is yours by birthright.  Not your upstart brother, who knows NOTHING of me.  Of my struggles.  Of his lineage.  He seeks the trials, but at the end, there will be nothing but tribulation on him.  He will continue to be shunned and will be exiled from the Feywild, as I was.  Because he is not eligible for the blessing.  You want to know of the 'circled key'?  You want to know of the deep ice in the mountain?  You want to master the element, master *youself*?  Then claim your birthright.  Not for me, not for *my* redemption.  That is impossible now."  His eyes burn a blue flame.  "If *you* request the trials and live to finish, when you are presented with the crest, *only you* will be able to take on the symbol.  Only you.  It is up to you.  Take what is yours.  Or carve your own path."
Had he been thinking clearly, Lumao might have expected something like this. It was not often that he let his tempers get the better of him, and now that his impertinence has drawn forth this furious retort, his shame and guilt grow red on his face. A new flood of tears begin to flow now, tears of embarrassment and remorse for his lack of faith in Shi'Vandos. Never before had his master...father...given him reason to provoke, to lash out.
"Father...I beg your forgiveness. I should not lose my temper nor doubt you. You have been ever attentive to me and I must admit, I've always felt your teachings and presence as fatherly, and now in the moment of truth that that is indeed the case...I have failed you at the first step. It is not my place to doubt you. It is not my wish to scorn. I must ask your forgiveness, for I should not presume to know your thoughts, I should not presume to lecture on that which I do not know. My penance now, must be to follow through on this revelation of knowledge. 

You are dear to me above all and I am ashamed to have chided you. I will carry out this quest of heritage that you have entrusted to me. I will find answers...May I earn my absolution through this journey.

I will not fail you."

Lumao lowers himself in a submissive deference to the majestic and larger-than-life Shi'Vandos, his eyes remaining downcast as he waits for the response.
