strange-tensionStifling a retch, the two humans cover their faces with whatever means they can as they enter. Dieter sets a flame outside the door to draw out and purify the sickly air. Immediately Dieter begins looking for an internal door mechanism.

Dieter brushes a bit of residual goo off his shoulders.
On the left side of the interior wall of the chamber, Dieter sees clearly a stone button trying to blend into the stone.  Just underneath that is a wooden switch, prominently stationed.
“I know it’s not much, but it’s home for now. Let’s close this up and take a rest while we sort through these tomes.” Dieter makes to close the outer door to the pit chamber and to seal the cryptex door using the hidden stone button, once they’ve aired things out as best they can that is.
The stone button is pushed, the doors shut.
The magical light goes out.
Dieter moves his solemn, solitary flame into the room as the doors close. He looks over the stacks of books and takes a choice few. 

“Get comfortable, it’s going to be a long...whatever bloody time of day it is...”

He hands a few books to Jaecob and passes around the balance of the rations to the beleaguered crew, then draws up a “cozy” corner by the fire. 

*I wonder where the Elf is...*
*No doubt he would* love *to set his academic mind to work in the midst all this lore.*

He lets loose the last bit of his prophylactic magic, then resigns himself to the time that had been opened before the vivisection.

He settles in for a long, restful read.
"Sister?" Bellatrix says, incredulously.  "You're supposed to be at home.  In bed, resting!"
"BAH," the crone spits.  "There's adventure afoot, and I mean to see to it that none of you break your gods-damned necks!"  She hobbles in on a gnarled cane/staff and immediately ventures towards the herbalism table.  Setting her things down hastily, she starts her brewing, getting items and preparing bottles and vials.
Bellatrix looks dumbfounded at the group.
The woman yells over her shoulder, "'Bout time I did something *useful*!  Been wastin' away all these years.  Feel like a new woman!  We gotta get going, though, if we're going to be gettin' anywhere useful.  Gods, woman," she says to Bellatrix, "Don't you have a cauldron of healing potion ready *at alll times*?  What have I always said!  Gods!!"
She *cackles* from the corner, good naturedly but with an edge to it, for sure.  "Never enough, that's what they say!"
Small crackles and pops start emanating from the cauldron.  The woman says, "Don't mind me, get along with your business.  I'll be ready by the time you's are ready to get-along!  Aheh!"
“Daran, I would like to come back to the barrrow by an alternate route. Let us traverse what we may of the rift along the way. Is there aught we should know before heading into the forest?”
"Don't suggest going into the rift.  Or travelling along it, either.  Bound to be traversed by Runemark men.  Best way I can see is stealing through this forest.  It's not the safest route, but it might be the most direct.  You want to get back to near the place we met, yes?"
“Aye, you’re my guide from here to there as far as I’m concerned. I’ll follow your lead. Long have I wished to see the fabled woods of my kin.”
"Of course, there is...  one...  other way."
"Especially if you want to see kin."  He gets a faraway look, as if he's a million miles away.
*Maouelue’s eyes glisten with starlight as he stares in anticipation.*
Daran comes back to himself, coughs, and grips the back of his neck with his hand.  "I.."
"I don't like talking about it, much.  Reminds me of..."
"Better times.  But some time ago, I was a part of a group that was charged with protecting a mythallar.  I was given the powers of a walker.  Gods, I haven't used them in forever.  But I might be able to remember how.  Could take us to a separate plane, maybe even the feywild.  We could go to the barrow, then planeshift back.  Might even meet some eladrin in the process."   He looks extremely embarrassed to be speaking about any of this.
The old woman has stopped her work and is gawking at the ranger.  So are the others, as if Daran is some deified being.
“...the Eladarin...”, Maouelue mutters in a hushed whisper.
"Just another option.  I'm fine with any way we go."
