strange-tensionThe countryside is steeped in autumnal colors.  Just south of the city proper, a vista opens up in front of the group and all can see a wide expanse of land, dotted with copses of trees and lovely elven buildings rising into the air.  And beyond...  the sea.  An amazing, glistening stretch of water opens up before the party's eyes.  Farther, across the sea, Maouelue can see a white area off to the SE, marking the borders of the Pale Prince's domain.  And immediately south, a scruffy forest of evergreen and deciduous trees marking the famed wilderness of the Feywild.  On the edge of the island, in the direction they're headed, stands a spire that cuts the skyline like a razor.  It shimmers between the sunlight bouncing off the water and the setting sun beams from the west.
Approximately four hours later, as Maouelue finishes his first transcription, the horses whinny to a stop and the carriage doors open to let the party exit.  Once outside their ride, they see the razor tower in all it's glory.  (Perception check, please!)

The group travels all around the base of the tower, trying to find a way in.  There is none.  But there is a balcony jutting out forty feet up on the south-facing side, looking out onto the Fey sea.
Maouleue asks his guards whether they know anything of this place.
The drivers shake their heads.  (Luck check, please!)
The foodie guard comes up behind Maouelue and says, "Tales tell of an old wizard that lives in the tower.  He likes his solitude too much, so his tower is nigh impenetrable.  Do either of you have any knowledge of the arcane about you?"
The metal mage casts a withering eye at the guard. “*Aye*.”
He chuckles and realizes what he just said.  "Aye, yes.  True.  That's my fault, apologies lord wizard.  Ah...  My understanding is that Old Lanrion recognizes arcane arts.  He's locked his tower with arcane locks and the only way either call him or announce our presence is to...  perform magic, as it were.  That is the length of my knowledge, saer."
Maouleue doesn’t say a word he judy’s writes down his enchantment order for the greaves on a spare page of his diary then sends a mage hand upward to carry it and grab Larison’s attention.

“Oh for crying out loud.” He pulls his quarterstaff out of his bag and affixes the note onto the end, then has the hand go hold it up as high as possible trying to peek over the ledge.
*Someday I’ll have to learn how to cast Mage’s Cock, then we wouldn’t have this problem...*
No one comes to the balcony, nothing happens around the base of the tower.  There is silence around save for the lapping of the water on the nearby sandy shore.
“The rest of you, feel free to wander about. I have business with the wizard here. See you after a while.”

Maouleue sits down to a ritual facing outward over the water. He seeks around for a meandering bat or hawk, focusing his energies on the environment around him, calling out to the fae of the land.




Maouelue sits for a spell, the others stay busy looking for a way in.  After a time, a beautiful brown and white hawk flies from the forest across the sea and lands in front of the Dragon Mage.
“There now mighty huntress, blessings be upon you for lending your service to me.”
e is not a valid integer.
e is not a valid integer.


*Screech*
“Now go up there and find me a wizard.”
Maouelue enters his trance again and watches through the hawk’s eye.
*Screech screech*
The hawk flies to the balcony and lands on the hand railing.  She screeches again, loudly.  (Perception check, please!)

Maouelue, looking through the hawk's eyes, sees a doorway into the tower, but there is a shimmer to it.  Casting his gaze through the door, pushing his will to look through the haze, the wizard can tell it needs more magic.  (Arcana check, please!)

*Get it together Lumao!*
Maouelue can pierce the veil a bit, seeing through the shimmery gauze in the doorway.  It looks to be a large library, rows and rows of books line the walls.  Nothing living can be seen beyond.
Maouleue calls the hawk back to keep an eye on him while he begins inscribing the Jump spell in his book, practicing his leaps with the help of his new boots as well. Overall feeling pretty good about the process and meanwhile completely oblivious to his party’s going’s on.
He grabs a few jumping bugs from around the edge of the water and pulls their legs to use as reagents for his tests. 
*Hip...*
*Hop...*
*Hibbie...*



Maouelue takes a running jump and lands on the balcony, swinging his legs over smoothly.  He can hear clapping below.
He swells with a bit of misplaced bravado and turns and waves back over the balcony, lapping up the applause  and gleaming in his metal suit.
Quickly turning, he heads back now to the veil, patting himself on the back and chucking his spell.
*Be your own guide, metal mage! Heh heh...*


The Dragon Mage turns back to the doorway, determined.  He's getting a much better look now, and can clearly see that there is a magical essence to the barrier.  The hawk screeches below, Daran yells something Maouelue can't quite make out.  He reaches out a hand to the veil.
Just as his hand is about to touch the haze, the shimmering lifts, dissipates, disappears.   Behind it is a dark room.  Gone are the books, the library.  A spiral staircase can be seen with a little landing just beyond the doorway.  Standing on the landing is an old elven man.
“Doctor Lanrion, I presume?”
Long white hair pours from his head and face, making him look ancient for an elf.  His skin has a dusky pallor, a few liver spots dotting his face.  His back is slightly hunched. He's grasping a clear crystal staff tightly with both hands.  His mouth chews on something.  He looks frustrated, but curious too.
