strange-tensionTelepathically, Maouelue hears, "You and your friends don't have to die here.  My fight is not with you, I see that now.  Let me leave here and I will harm you no longer."
"And just *who* might you be?"
"I am one of the tanar'ri, the cast-outs, the dwellers of the molten lake.  I was imprisoned here to rot away.  You may have a treasure, but you must first say you will let me go."

"I shall not treat with you foul Demon!"
"Then you shall DIE!"


The skeleton babau hiss-screams in rage, his bony vocal chords rattling together dryly.


The arrow finds purchase deep in a rib bone, then lightning streaks around the fiend's body.  It doesn't do as much damage as Daran was hoping, but it was still a solid shot.

“Mao! This thing is getting shifty!”
She attempts again to dance-command the fiend into a prone position.
[dc 15 cha]
(So close!)
The skele-babau falls to the floor, prone but not disassembled.
It rattles in frustration.

“Ok let’s do this”







Benna cackles with glee!!
The monster stands and rushes up to Maouelue to try and push him out of the way!

The best throws Maouelue to the N side of the wall.  (Dex save, please!)


Daran dodges!!
The claw bones rake against the wall..

The tail whips out and the group sees Daran abdomen is impaled by the monster's stinger.  He looks down, surprised, grasping his stomach and the bone protruding out of it.  A line of blood starts dripping from the corner of his mouth.
As he looks down at his pierced body, his hand idly moves to his pack on his hip.  Slowly he looks up into the clacking, rattling jaws of the monster.  Then, he disappears.
Daran Edermath removed from combat.
"Everybody get clear!"
She shuffles back into the corridor, keeping her eye on the Babau. She starts to dance again.
[Cha save]
The tanar'ri snarls at the spot where the elf ranger used to be.  Then he raises his head to look at Bellatrix.
She grits her teeth through a fierce smirk.
Maouelue moves to disengage from the enemy and flings icy orbs back at the fiend as he retreats!


Seeing her *literally* dashing man clank his way to safety, she exchanges a fleeting glance, one eye full of life and love, the other full of love and loss. She turn and the dance morphs into a guttural, thrusting ritual, all the gore of birth, death, and everything in between are summoned through her thrusting convulsions. A dark circle erupts from the Northeast corner of the closed room, swirling death around the skeletal monster.
Benna whimpers, sounds coming from her between a laugh and a croak.  She looks from the monster to the spot where Daran was, then passes her eyes over Bellatrix.  Steeling her resolve, she reaches a hand into her cloaks and produces a gnarled stick...

With a loud *pop* and a sizzle of necrotic essence, the bone being is snapped to it's home plane of existence.   
"Get outta there quick, metal man!  It won't be gone for long!!"
No response.
“Are we just going to leave that demon to its own devices? Shall we finish it once and for all?”
“What if we crossed the streams?”
Benna's eyes go wide.
“Everyone, hear me quickly, be ready, when the beast returns, we must all unleash upon it at once! Daran, if you can hear me, whatever you have, add it on! We’re going to sunder this beast!”

“This mage still has a few tricks up his bracers!”
Mewlew was added to combat with initiative 12.

“Disintegration...*that’s* the one!”
The seconds tick by slowly, tensely.  All are getting ready to attack when or if they see the beast, while at the same time keeping an eye out for the disappearing ranger.

Maouelue thinks back to the last few...  have there been days here?  When they first transported here, Daran had an item he held onto.   He kept it in his bag.  Maouelue's pretty sure he saw Daran reaching into his bag before he disappeared.  Also, Maouelue's pretty sure there was no way to come back from that injury.  Daran, wherever he might be, is either dying or dead.  (He was at 0 hp.)

“Daran!”
No response.
Maouelue directs the panther to sniff out the dying Half elf.

The panther doesn't sense Daran at all.
A cold fury runs through Maouleue. 
“It is time. Get ready.”
The panther assumes a position so as to run down the hall and pounce on the beast as it reappears. Maouleue cycles his concentration for maximum damage. Bella and Benna ready their respective beams.

A bead of sweat runs down Bellatrix's brow.  Benna's eerily quiet.  That strange bass shaking rumbles softly through the floor.


The air crackles with tension.
A strange tension.
[3000 xp]

Where the beast should have appeared...  nothing materializes.  Benna chuckles, once.  Bellatrix closes her eyes and lowers her hands.  A soft sob escapes her.
Suddenly, a *pop* makes the quartet jump, even scaring the panther.
In the middle of the room is the end of the monster's tail bone, dripping with venom.
*Telepathically, to all* "This is my end of the bargain."
“Benna! You beauty!” A few metal-clad moments later and Benna is set back down to earth by the magnanimous mage.
Apprehensive glances are cast all around. 
“*Right!* Let us make haste!”
“You? You tell *us!*”
Maouelue takes her in his albeit cold hard arms.
