strange-tension"Needless to say, aside from all of our martial ability and arcane skill, we're at a deficit.  We'd like to get more outliers to band together, but it is political and difficult.  Our foursome are a scouting party for both new members, and for the movement of the opposing forces.   There have been rumors, however, that Queen Titania would like a rogue group to go behind enemy lines and strike at the heart of the insurgence."
"It was being surrounded by trouble on all sides that led us to tread these lands just ere. Some dark secret has begun to stir in our realm. Lofty lords who dug too deep in search of ancestral powers have drawn fel beings to our realm. Serpent walks as man through the streets, dark underground shrines and altars of sacrifice lie underneath our very feet. Yes, foul magic indeed and perhaps and Archmage you say? I do not envy the position of my confidant Dieter, who was taken into the clutches of this very mystery. It is mine and our party's mission to divine his location and rescue his person. It could be that the Queen and our consort could come to a collective conclusion that carries our copacetic causes."
They nod, considering.  "Yes, yes.  I believe there are copacetic causes here.  Snakes as men, you say.  Curious.  There have been sightings here of the same.  Snakes are not native to the Feywild.  Very curious."  Erifias scratches his hairless chin.  "I wonder...  this archmage in your realm, could you recognize them on sight?  And these serpents, could you identify them if you saw them again?"
“The serpents yes, the archmage? I couldn’t say...We were following the traces left my the Lord Muhlen and his progeny deep into the earth. We found a deep ravine that seemed to stretch down into the abyss just outside our township of Oakhurst. There seemed to be competing causes in the caves, either one always a step ahead of us.”
Erifias ponders deeply, furrowed brows giving him a strange, elderly look.  They shake their head, "The Queens will need to hear what you know.  And, if they do ask you for help with the attack, you'll have our help behind you."


As Erifias stops speaking, all of the elven ears hear a murmur in the distance.  A low buzzing sound that grows in intensity as the group pauses, listening.  Waiting.  The buzz turns into a horn sound, starting off very low in timbre and growing loud and rounded, sounding like horn mixed with the beat of a bass drum.  The welling surrounds the group, and, looking at the eladrin, Maouelue sees abject fear in their eyes.
"RUN!" yells Erifias, and Otirnis grabs Bellatrix and the old woman and they vanish, disappearing out of sight.  "Do either of you have any transport spells?  I am unable to use mine at the moment."  Fear creases their face, their head is on a swivel trying to look at the entire forest while sprinting.
Running away from the sound, the now trio fund themselves running straight at a patch of blackness on the ground.  It clashes right away with the surrounding woods.  Suddenly, Erifias stops cold in his tracks, grabs the backs of the garments of Maouelue and Daran as they just go past them.  Erifias looks to the left and the right.  The pair follow the eye movements and spy two moss-ridden obelisks jutting from the ground.  It looks as if the ground past the pillars starts to become sodden, muddy, bog-like.  After 50ft or so, the ground becomes like pitch or tar, bubbling in places.  (Perception check, please!)
||"No, no, no...  Not here.  Not now,"|| the eladrin whispers.

"I'm afraid my studies have not yet revealed to me the magics of portals. Though I must say, I greatly desire to delve into the art. Daran, you brought us here, have you anything else up your sleeve to get us out of this dread approach?"
Maouelue gets a shiver up his spine.  He scans the bog, seeing the beautiful trees arch away from this place.  The ones that can't move themselves farther away turn diseased.  Their bark peels, the wood desiccated and rotten as it seeps into the mire.  Then Maouelue looks closer.
The bubbles...  some of them are popping but...  some of them...
One blinks at Maouelue.
"What is this new devilry?"

Erifias starts trying to pull the two of you back.  "This is not supposed to be!  This place is protected from this kind of... of...  We are truly losing our world if the Boucbin is here."


The eyes continue to blink.  The group continues to back away.  The beating of your hearts fades, but is replaced by the horn and bass drum from seconds earlier.  Panic starts to set in.  Erifias bolts to the right, yelling, "Follow me!  There has to be a way around!"



Running rough-shod through the forest, Daran misses his footing and flails for only a second.  He rights himself, but is now at the back of the pack, a few feet behind Erifias and Maouelue.  The horn blares, the drums beat louder...


(DC 12 - Group check 14+...  1 pass, 1 fail.)  The group dip, dive, and dodge through.  The black sludge eyes follow their movement.


The group sees the black sludge RISE UP out of the muck, into a humanoid-ish shape of eyes and goo.  It tries to smash down on the group...  but just misses!  The horn blares suddenly, off to the right of the group.  It pulls Erifias' head around just enough for them to lose balance.  Daran rescues him just as they're about to fall, and now both Daran and the eladrin are 15 feet behind Maouelue.


