strange-tension"I'm sorry about that. I thought I could do better." *shudder*
Here, take these for your pain and patience. We'll deliver this for you."
Ouelue takes the Messenger Guild pin and adorns it on her breast. She then digs in her pack and hands over the Tao of Earth and the jar of glowing red mushrooms.
Ouelue heeds her hubby's humble heckling.
Daran hefts the woman under her arms and drags her, a little roughly, eyes always scanning, into a copse of tall grass.  Tall enough to hide them, but not well.
The woman accedes to being dragged.  She then looks at the new items in her hands with confusion. "What are these?"
Daran sets the woman down more gently, then draws his bow and, with a finger to his lips as a warning, he wades back to the road silently.
“Well to be honest, some good reading and...something to...er...experiment with should the reading become too dry.”

She shrugs, saying, "Uh..  Thank.  You..."  She looks at the mushrooms in the jar.

Ouelue realizes, she cannot hear nor see Daran.  He is very stealthy, but she can neither see nor hear him anywhere.
(S)he pats her pack seeking the net of invisibility.
(I believe you grabbed it the last you used it?)  
The woman opens the jar, makes a face, then politely puts the top back on.
A few minutes later, Daran creeps back into the area looking frustrated.
“What did you spy there Daran.”
"Not a damn thing.  Which worries me."  To the woman, "Who is after you?  Or is it the letter someone is after?"
“We will deliver this message with all haste. May we lead the pursuant away.”
“Daran, we must hurry!”
"If we leave this woman, and she doesn't have the letter, she dies.  Do you have anything that can help her?  Or magics that can spirit her away?"
Ouelue places the amulet of health around the maid’s neck and whispers a prayer to the lord to send forth its healing and to aid them in their mission.
Daran nods, following Ouelue's direction.  He roots around in his pack, pulls out a strip of leather that could be a belt or strap.  "Put this in your mouth and bite down," he tells her.  She does, and he grips the bolt.  "Why don't you try to pull that out one more time, this time you'll have my help."  He braces the leg and the woman, motioning Ouelue to remove the barb.
This time Ouelue lends all her empathy into feeling how the bolt is lodged and reaches out with her feelings...



"This should work, but let us keep to the edge of the road, and let us move quickly."
“Let’s make for Oakhurst in a hurry.”


@SuoRess_1019
Rolling 3 iterations, DC 10...
1d20 (17) + 10 = `27`
1d20 (10) + 10 = `20`
1d20 (7) + 10 = `17`
3 successes, 64 total.
The crew travels lightly, all three moving with amazing stealth and precision.  Only once does Daran think he sees something following them, and backtracks a bit.  After a few minutes, he rejoins the group and pushes them on.  As the clouds open up, the trio emerges from a group of trees and the village of Oakhurst is visible on the horizon.
A wave of emotion overcomes Ouelue as (s)he sees the town for the first time in what feels like weeks underground. Anxious to determine Dieter’s dilemma, (s)he pushes forth with haste.
The Dragon Mage enters a surreal town, one he knows and doesn't at the same time.  Burned buildings, few children and families are in the streets.  The dead lay with rain pattering them, only those they left behind to carry them to their graves.  

There are a handful of buildings still upright and somewhat intact.  The inn, the tavern, a few homes, Vam's ranch...   These all, at least from first glance, seem okay.  The three enter the crossroads proper and scan in all directions.  The Runemark's men didn't raze everything, but the town is still only a shell of it's former self.
Maouelue stands speechless. he cannot fathom what kind of evil soul would do such a thing. 
“Those bastards will pay for this...”
He leads the group onward toward the ranch, hoping to get a word in with Vam and potentially Heston before heading into the wreckage.
As the group turns W, led by Ouelue, they see a rough-and-tumble man, early thirties, dusty blonde hair tied into a tight bun at the back of his head, stubble darkening his weather-beaten face.  He leads a big brown gelding NW through the town.  He wears normal rancher's clothes, but atop them, a set of emerald green snakeskin chaps, a vest, and bracers indicate him as Heston, the tailor/ranch-hand.
"That's a fine bit of snakeskin work there...Reminds me of a time I loaned out summat around these parts."
Ouelue winks meaningfully at Heston. 
"I have desire to speak to Vam and hit Leatherworker as well. We bring tidings from the Manor..."
The ranch-hand gives the group a strange, suspicious look.  "Aye, head over yon.  Vam's a bit beat up, but he'll see ya.  It's a bad time to be comin' inta town, just to let y'all know.  I'd be headin' out as soon as ye can.  Just some friendly advice."
The woman grabs Ouelue by the arm.  "Excuse me, miss.  If I could have that letter back, I must deliver it right away to the Pig and Falcon.  I appreciate all your help.  Both of you."
“Yes yes, of course. Here. And your pin as well.”
