strange-tension"As do I."  
Otirnis comes over with a medicine kit, checking over Daran and Mao.  Several others are scouring the forest for remnants and spoils of the battle.   Finally, when all is done, Otirinis says, "It is time to go.  Are you all ready?"
Maouelue starts at the sound of Otirnis’ voice and moves back into a less familiar position with Bellatrix. “Yes, ah...indeed. Indeed we are Ortinis.” He flashes one more glance back at Bella, not quite able to comply contain his broadening smile.
Maouelue sets off with the others, not entirely sure if it’s his new boots or something else making him feel like he could jump three times his usual height. 

*I’ll have to test that out soon...*
The soldiers and the material plane group stand in a circle, on Oritnis's orders.  Everyone touches the other's shoulder, and Otirnis says to Maouelue and Daran, "We'll be transporting to the edge of the city.  From there we'll take you to see Queen Titania.  There's been a ban on teleporting within the city.  Got to be that every a'one that could teleport did for the most mundane reasons.  Became a bit of a problem.  Stay close and hold on to your neighbor.  Here we go."
A blue light surrounds the soldier next to Otirnis.  The glow spreads out from person to person to person, until the little clearing was awash in blue flame.  The forest blurs, the light becomes unbearably bright.  Then, in a *pop*, the entire group flashes, and everyone disappears.
Quicker than a blink of an eye, the group now stands next to a cobblestoned road that looks gilt in platinum.  It shines, but not harmfully so.  Hands leave shoulders, pats and back-slaps go around the group.   A few nod respectfully towards the two newcomers.
Maouelue bends down on two knees in reverence, then takes his palms together, leaning forward onto the platinum stone road. Leaning forward, he touches his helmet to the surface and prays. “Lord of life I am humbled in your deliverance.  My light follows only thine own.”
He stays kneeling for three long breaths, three seconds, six seconds, nine seconds...Then raises himself back up to the group, collected in spirit.
All start walking the platinum road, which actually seems to change colors as they walk.  A rainbow patina effect greets Maouelue and Daran as they travel.  Daran smiles, in spite of himself.  After a half mile,  the trees on either side of the road come to an end and the view of the City of Starlight, Astrazalian, emerges.  The tall wall sparkles as a sky at night.  Beyond the gates, the Starlight Castle careens toward the sky.  Spires and turrets abound.  Color and majesty astound the new arrivals.  Some of the soldiers laugh at the mouths agape.
*Astrazalian, The City of Starlight*
Maouelue feels the celestial beauty of the city like a blast in the chest, riveting and warm, like home...something he had not felt since back in the tower with Shi’Vandos. Something in the sky
catches his eye....is it a cloud? Was he seeing things or was his lord presenting himself in the silvery mists above the Starlight Castle? He shakes himself out of it, keen on staying aware of the cohort in which his companions now find themselves. It *feels* like home, but he knows it’s not. Not *yet* anyway...
Otirnis comes up beside Maouelue's group.  "We'll be heading straight for the keep.  Queen Titania and King Oberon are waiting there with The Seneschal, Queen Tiandra.  There, we will debrief them on all that has happened.  You can bring them up to speed on what we missed and your business in the Feywild.  Then, we can show you to accommodations.  We'll also be available if you need anything, or need to know where to find something in the city.  Follow me.  Oh, and welcome to Astrazalian!"  She smiles and nods.  Then jogs up a few paces to join in with two other winter eladrin.  Together, they lead you down the road to the crystalline city gates.
The wonders about as the group enters the city and make their way to the castle.  Every color of Elf stand in the street to see the procession pass.  There are cheers and applause.  Children run into the street to touch the soldiers armor.  Some come up to Maouelue , Daran, and Bellatrix.  Reverence beams on their faces and in their eyes.
The city center is awash with Elves awaiting the processional, too.  When they arrive, it's akin to the biggest celebration day any of the material planes people have ever seen.  Hands are wrung, backs are thumped.  Smiles are shared all around.  Finally, the last climb to the castle is begun, and the shouts of the crowds die away.  The doors of the keep are opened, the group pours in.  Once in, the soldiers split into their different avenues, Otirnis and her group motion the others to follow her.
Up the crystal staircase, through the beatific front halls, the trio is led into a massive throne room.  Atop the central dais, an inescapably beautiful summer elf, golden skin and hair wafting in unseen wind, sits upon the main throne.  Her king to her right, also golden from head to toe, sits smiling.  Lastly, a woman on the Queen's left and closer to the front of the dais seems to be made completely of silver.  All three sit up in interest at the soldiers and outsiders stride to them.
