strange-tensionAeneir leads the trio back out of the room, into the hall and past a couple more closed doors until they reach a hallway moving south and grading up.  "Take this way through the mountain.  It will twist and lead up, eventually ending in a door.  This will lead you to the lowest level of the Fortress of Frozen Tears.  Good luck, and may the gods bless you all."
Maouelue looks deep into Æneìr’s eyes and sees the countless ages told there in every freckle of the iris, the darkest depth of his pupils. 

“Until we meet again, Master Æneìr.”
They walk on down the hall
Below the writing, carved in the ice, is a dragon mark.
The Dragon Mage casts a couple of furtive sideways glances at the sisters and moves closer to investigate the sigil more closely.

The dragon mark looks to be a signature, the same as the one on the giant gate below.
There is a hallway with stairs leading down to the south; all of the steps and walkways seem to be either ice blocks or stone iced-over stone.
“Are everyone’s boots secure? Come, follow me as far as this the place will allow.”
He leads them South down the corridor.
The women nod quietly to Maouelue and follow.  Thirty feet S the hall opens up on the left (E) into a large, circular room.  In the center is another large brick of solid ice, but there looks to be something inside of this one.  It's in the center of the room, on a small island connected to the outer walkway by a wooden bridge.  The water around it sloshes as if there was a current or something underneath the surface causing it to move with a current.  The room is lined with bookshelves, completely filled to the brim. They all are iced in place, however.
There are three halls branching from the outer circle - two to the NE, one directly S.
Mao raises a hand to the ladies to hold their position, then sets a tentative foot out on the bridge, testing its surface before moving fully across.
It holds, but there is movement in the waters underneath the mage.
He sends Fammy down for a flying lap around the water as he takes a step back.

🤮
Maouelue's bat flies out to scope the area.  It's not very big and the bat makes quick work of it.  It's definitely a magical water, as it's not frozen, however not much more can be gleaned.  As it's making a last pass, a tentacle shoots out of the liquid and snatches it out of the air, and brings it below the surface.  At that moment, Maouelue loses connection with his familiar.
Maouelue looks at the water below with concern and sends a cursory ice blast down to roil its surface.

A freezing cold blast hits the surface - and is absorbed into the liquid.
“Hmm...here we go again...”
Maouelue reaches out to the water with his feelings and begins to weave... 
[Shape Water]

He takes a portion of the water below and forms it into a shroud of ice spikes hovering the surface below him as he walks across the bridge.
As Maouelue reaches for the 'water', he finds he's unable to grasp it.  It feels like liquid to the touch, but he is unable to form it through magic or take away any in cupped hands.  His hands are completely dry when lifted out of the liquid, too.  (Dex save, please!)

An oily, grey tentacle tries to grab at the mage, but is unsuccessful.
He moves across for a closer look at the ice cube in the center.

Awesome!  How'd he do? ⚽
The mage resigns himself. 
“Alright...I guess I’ll have to do this the old fashioned way...”
He looks down in the water to find a trace of the beast lurking within.


The eladrin longbow is drawn.
The pool is warm to the touch.  As Maouelue peers into the depths, fathoms appear before him.   It is impossibly deep, and, at the bottom, a massive beast circles the pool.
Seconds feel like minutes as he watches the ominously graceful monster maneuver what for it is a small space.  Suddenly, red eyes, three stacked on top of each other, snap up towards the Dragon Mage.
It swims, cautiously, towards the surface.
The humongous creature hovers mere feet from Maouelue, red eyes darting hither and yon, not seeming to focus on anything.  Then, they snap forward, freezing the interloper where he is.
Telepathically, it says to Maouelue, *"Am I not the most impressive, the most powerful and magnificent creature in all the worlds?"*
“Indeed.”
“You are not.”
“That honor lies with the Platinum.”
Deep within your mind, hidden away for some time, you hear purring of an ancient dragon who is well pleased.
With the first word, the beast begins to open its mouth.  But with the second, it cocks its head and its body twists oddly.  With the last, it blinks.  Maouelue gets the feeling that, if it could smile, it would.  Then, it disappears from the liquid, fading away into particles.
“Hmph...well then...*very impressive...*”
As Maouelue raises from the pool, Bellatrix touches him on the shoulder to make sure he's okay.  "Whatever you did, it must have worked.  The doorways all...  flashed.  Wouldn't have like to see what might have happened if we tried to go through without...   whatever it is you did."
“Praise Bahamut.”
“Let’s go left...”
