strange-tension"Don't know, dont really care to find out, honestly.  Anything we need from this place?  If not...  I think I'm ready to find my asshole of a father."
It had been quite a journey to find the treacherous patriarch. It would be a shame to deny Jaecob his destiny. 

“Stand back and ye shall not be harmed!” 

Dieter beckons Flayco and Shelli to move out before him as a grotesque honor guard, shooing away the remaining gawkers. 

“Those with knowledge of these halls…step forth and be rewarded.”
They have no clue what you're saying, they're just reacting to the tone so far.  They look back and forth between themselves.  One of the ones that fled climbs back up, grabs a would be groupie, and pulls/throws it down the pit before it jumps in too.
“Ugh, never mind.” Dieter walks out of the cloud and moves to the small door to the NNW, muttering about cretins and fools.
Perhaps his menagerie was quite large enough already.
The door grates against the floor but the it opens fully.  Hallways stretch beyond the doorway, hooking around slightly to the right, where it opens into an alcove with two doors leading E.  One is ajar and Dieter can see the long open room with the banners beyond.
Dieter takes this corridor to be a hallway between the rooms they've already explored. He considers what they had been running from and continues down the hall, listening for traces of the band of thieves they had escaped.
The rest of the kobolds parachute (sans parachute) down the pit, the rumbling subsides as the foursome leave for better environs.  The hallways are dank and devoid of life.   It doesn't seem like anyone has been through here in decades, maybe even generations.
The doorway leads to the hall of banners, where Lord Muhlen introduced himself in all his ghostly form.   The only door that hasn't been tried is the E door.
They go to there.
Dieter inspects the door and tries to open it.
The door opens smoothly.  A small 20x20 room welcomes them.  A door stands in the NE wall.  Greasy ash and creosote is burned into the floor in front of another carcass of a tent, as in the other room with the purple gems.
Dieter brings everyone inside and begins inspecting the room, moving quickly through to the other door.

The bags Dieter finds are complete tatters, nothing usable for carrying.  There is, however, a strange area within the tent that catches Jaecob's attention.  He waves you over and shows you a depression in the wall, what would have been the back of the tent.  "Whatcha make of this.  Maybe another dragon egg den?"
“Hmm, let’s find out. We need more pieces to this puzzle.”
He takes a closer look.
Dieter peers at the stone wall.  There does seem to be a seam in the wall.  One good push, maybe?...
He prods at it with the wave-blade end of his staff.
It feels like pushing into stone.  A couple prods into it, some small pebbles come loose and fall to the floor.
Dieter picks up the stones and closes his eyes, whispering word of the waves waking the water walls.

He hurls three stones all together at the breach.






Dieter throes a trio of stones at the depression, and all in one instant, there's an opening there.  A set of stairs greets the adventurers, but there is no light in the corridor beyond.
"Well well well...the mystery deepens."

"Here, this will light the way." he says, descending the stairs.
The stairs open into a library of sorts.  The last one you were in was...  scary and had a carcass in it.  This one in *much* homier, with a couple nicely upholstered chairs, a few bookshelves, and a very large chest against the far wall.  There are doors on the N, E, and S walls, all wooden and fairly simple.
Dieter moves about the room, looking for any traps and magical traces.

There are several magic things in the room, small explosions greet the druid as he casts the spell.  The chest is one, abjuration and evocation magic are attached.  A few books pop out at Dieter ranging from illusion to necromancy, and underneath the rug, a small ping of divination magic.
Dieter raises a finger. “Move carefully in here… matter of fact, don’t move at all…”
He kneels to sense at the magics beneath the rug first, sensing a trap.
He lifts the rug, and...  sees a ring.  Silver, with small engravings of moons and stars on the sides, curving all around it.
“Hmm, what a curious object!” He runs his fingers over the runes.
The ring is cold to the touch, colder than the room or stones around it.  The inscription is less runic than astrological and aesthetic.  It has a heft to it as well.  (Arcana or identify spell for more info.)

It feels like this ring will give you the possibility of casting a school of divinity spell.  Which one, you can't quite tell.  But there's some serious potential in this ring.
"Jaecob, remind me prepare some identification magic next time we reset up. I have a feeling we'll be seeing a lot of this kind of thing going forward."
Now picking up and stowing the ring, the dogged druid moves now toward the chest, now even warier with the pings of evocation around it. He steadies his hand and checks for any trapped mechanisms on it.

