strange-tensionImmediately you see color return to the snails greyish flesh.  It turns an amber color, blood can be seen coursing through it's vessels below the skin.  The shell regains more luster, too, and a dim light, getting brighter by the second, starts emanating from it.


Dieter checks both doors, opening them quickly and surveying the rooms beyond.
The W door opens to another corridor, roughly 35ft long.  It ends in stone double doors to the S, while a wooden door on the W side looks slightly ajar.  The S door opens to another storage room, various sundry items and foodstuff abound.  More of the pork jerky and cheese can be found here, along with eggs, herbs, and a strange box with what looks to be a stylized fish on it.
“Hey Shelli, you still hungry girl?” He proffers the inventory to his new pet, then inspects one of the fish boxes.
The box is very well sealed, and a very familiar, fishy aroma greets Dieter when he opens it.  A waxed cloth encloses some of the finest black caviar Dieter has ever seen.
“Hmm, this might trade for a fair penny, if we ever get the chance...” He stows the caviar then eats a few hunks of cheese, forgoing the pork and looking for some mint to settle his stomach.

Not only do you find some hanging peppermint and spearmint, you also find basil, oregano, and a plethora of fancier herbs for cooking and herbalism.
“Oh these will make the road life much more bearable.” He stows a healthy amount then beckons for the duo to follow him down to the stone doors.
Frume finds a pack and starts stuffing food in, particularly the cheese and pork.  He follows with a piece of jerky hanging out of his mouth.  He tosses a very moldy cheese wheel towards Shelli, who snatches it out of the air.  Her shell shimmers gratefully.

There is snarling coming from behind the stone doors.  Ripping and tearing of something as well.
Suddenly, there is a MASSIVE ***BOOM***!  Stone, grain, dust, and other debris rockets out from the door at the N end of the hall, smashing into the wall opposite the door.  An inhuman *screech* is heard from the former room as flames pour out of the former doorway.
Dieter and Frume turn to look as a charred abomination clambers out through the newly made hole in the wall.  It walks like a crab or scorpion, smaller appendages in the front, getting bigger the farther up the body they go.  Six appendages in all.  They seem to be an amalgamation of leg and arm bones, ending in a perverse mashup of feet, hands, and claws.
The body, despite being charred, is the torso of a human, but everything is stitched together backwards.  The shoulders and head are at an angle as to let the thing crawl, but still be able to look around at its environment.  Like a scorpion mixed with a centaur, the thing rears up on its hind legs when it sees you and the snail.  To more appendages flick out from it's back, a mixture between a tentacle and a scorpions stinging tail.
“Sharpen your shell Shelli, we’re in for a fight!”

Michela Grayscar removed from combat.

60
GI1 was added to combat with initiative 1d20 (16) + 1 = `17`.
FL1 was added to combat with initiative 1d20 (10) - 3 = `7`.


Frume tries to open the double doors.

He gets the doors slightly ajar...  And slams them shut.
"Um...  I'm not sure which I'd rather, honestly..."
The giant flesh golem/human scorpion attacks!

Target frume not found.

"AH, HOLY SHIT THAT HURTS!!" yells Frume as a stinger pierces his shoulder.


“Go get her....er....it...Shelli!”
Shelli slimes over and matches tentacle for abominable arm with the decrepit, soulless pile of limbs.

It is not your turn.

p


Frume throws his dagger, missing the creature badly.

Frume shakes his head, then takes a short running lead.  He jumps on Shelli's shell, and stabs down at the monster!

The sword slices through a few appendages.  They flop to the ground, twitching with retained electrical impulses.  Frume lands on the opposite side of the creature, laughing.


The monstrosity, on it's last legs... er...  appendages grabs an eyestalk of Shelli's and *rips* it out.  The snail lets out a small shriek, dark ichor spraying the creature and the ground around them.
“You bitch!”

“You ok Shelli? Look what that friend did to you!”
Frume picks up his dagger from the ground.  "Okay, Dieter, we have bad news, and worse news.  Which one do ya want first?"
“The less time we waste the better, leave the rhetorics to the romantics.”
Dieter reclaims his boomerang as he tends to Shelli’s wounds.

"Okay, well...  that explosion's going to be bringing the cavalry.  Second, just beyond that door is a black dragon.  We can either go in guns blazing, try this room here (he points to the now broken door on the W wall), or we maybe try to get back to the catacombs, try our luck there.  Either way, doesn't look...  the greatest."



“By the grace of the grotto! A black dragon!?!”
“I mean...they’d be mad to follow us....”
“Was he chained?”
"Mighta been.  Didn't look *that* closely.  I was more concentrating on the fact that it was eating something."
"Something with bones..."
