strange-tensionAs he is digging, his arms keep catching on things. He takes  a moment to remove and stow his archery armguards, rubbing his pale white wrists that seem to chafe in the air as they take their first breath in some time.
Maouelue thinks back to the scene at Vam's house, all gathered around the dark room, lit only by the hearth and their collective spirit. There they all stood, Vam, Heston, Bellatrix, Daran...

...around the equipment so ritually lain by the metallic martyr. 

*Maouelue scoffs a little a the memory of his grand proclamations, a trait he had yet to buck and would continue to grapple with for some time.*

The strength of the giants was in there, the object of Lord Alezander's obsession. Was there strength in their union? Was it just Maouelue's inquisitors's spirt, his desire to be a part of the grand stories, his *need* to be special...?

It comes to him that if there was ever a moment to find out, to.... *try,* it was now. His hand groping over the myriad items and knicknacks concealed in the impossibly small and resolute Bag of Holding™️ his hands land upon a long forgotten set piece. *The Giantess Bracers.* How had he forgotten such a boon? He looks again at his pale wrists and scoffs again, this time with an almost teary pang of sadness and shame...

*The thought of everything that happened since he last worn this item sets his mind racing. What trail of sadness, what scorched earth, what hubris lay in his wake? He remembers the reluctance in Daran's voice, the deep sadness overlooked by Maouelue's own impetuousness and selfish need to find his supposed place in the Feywild. The unheeded warnings of Lanrion, insinuating the folly of lust for loot and longing for elevation. The incident with the Queen...*

It is almost too much for him to bear, his spirit fairly begins to break and his eyes close, shielding an icy floe of tears. 

After a moment, something warm seems to softly touch the back of his neck, a warm radiance spreading now over the very fibers of his being. He reaches up with his uncovered hand to find the fragile, yet hardened fingers of his devoted companion, Bellatrix. His eyes open again and he sees the onlooking throng, awaiting his declaration...
*He inspires, a long, low, and deep breath.*

Raising his right hand to meet Bellatrix's, he feels the warmth now enter another part of himself. The area of action.

As if from another world, he hears her voice, "Do not doubt yourself Lumao, not now, not here at the time of this great need of your people. You *were... are* chosen. Your time is here, now, and henceforth. Do not let the ghost of the past, fresh as they may be, dominate your spirit. Feel the warmth of my blood in yours. Know your place as a part of *both realms!*

How did she know he needed to hear this at precisely this moment? I guess it's true what they say about becoming *One* with those you love...
"Thank you, love"

As he speaks, a blue white glow giving way to reddish gold pulsates from his hand onto hers and back again to himself, the pale white of his wrists regaining their flush and vigor. He knows now what he has to do.
[Guidance on self]

He takes now the items of Giant's lore, equipping himself once more in the full-metal regalia. Putting away his Eladrin relics, he now opts for strength, looking over his Bracers and Mace once again with a newfound appreciation. He takes time to let their magicks meld with the fortitude of his warming spirit.
[Attune]
After some time, with a few restless coughs and murmurs from the gathered Eladrin, Maouelue stands at the full, his emblazoned shield radiant in the half-light.

"If a more physical approach is indeed needed, Illafarea, then let it be so!"
He smashes the Giantess Bracers together, the surprised crowd taking several *giant steps* back!


The eladrin back up, astonished.  A small smile comes to Illafaera's lips.   A strange sense of tension hangs in the air.
*May my luck be better than my track record with this...*

The mace glances off the crystal, narrowly missing an archer eladrin on the follow through.

An urge take Maouelue...  but only momentarily.   He felt, for some odd reason, as if he should turn his mace on his fellow eladrin...  Thankfully, the feeling leaves as quickly as it comes.
He shakes it off, tries again...

That's not a valid save.

Again, the overwhelming feeling on harming his fellow soldiers comes over him, but Maouelue is made of tougher stuff.  He shakes it off, and a small voice inside his head says, "Tut tut, you shouldn't be trying to *destroy* it...  You should be trying to *merge* with it.  Imagine the *power*!  Imagine how you would wield this artifact.  The entire Feywild would be at your mercy..."
Maouelue grimaces, feeling the urge toward the promise of power, but finds the calm impassive righteousness embodied by his patron, lord of dragons. 

*This is not for glory. This is not for impunity. This is for unity!*


*I will find the strength!*

*I will finish this fight!*
