strange-tensionIn a voice like the opening of a dusty, ancient tome, he says, "I have never been called Doctor before, lad.  A moniker I quite enjoy, actually.  Quite a feat of athleticism, getting up on my balcony.  Why didn't you just knock?"
“‘‘Tis for the thrush to knock upon the door. That of the Metal Mage marks many mirrored masks.”
The old wizened wizard contemplates for a moment.  He smiles, and says, "We can always learn a thing or two from nature.  Even thrushes.  Come.  The tea is getting cold."  And he walks down the circular stairs, inside the his tower.

(Gonna pause it there for tonight, my good sir.  I'm loving where this is going, by the way.  I know it's a bit slower than the fight scenes, but it's so much fun to rp with all of these folks!)
The old elven man makes his way slowly down the spiral stairs.  At the bottom, a small table is set with seven seats and a pot of steaming tea.
As the wizard reaches the bottom of the tower, the staircase rising seemingly to infinity above the two of you, he approaches the side wall and places a gnarled hand on it.  A doorway appears and opens outward, admitting the rest of the group.  They start cautiously coming in as Lanrion starts pouring tea for everyone.
Maouelue smiles kindly at their bewildered faces. “Come friends, let us take our tea with the host of this tower. Master Lanrion, though, *Doctor Lanrion* is fast catching on.*” He winks at the wizard.
The wizard chuckles as he pours more cups.  "*I* would like it, yes.  But patrons might not when they realize I cannot help them with their common colds, or various afflictions.  That is, I cannot help them... without magic."
He finishes, offers the seats with a wave, and places the pot in the air behind him.  It vanishes as he sits and says, "So, what brings your fine company to an old man's door today?"
“Well good wizard, there are long and short answers to that question. I’ll begin with the latter. I was told that your enchanting services are unparalleled and if I wanted to ‘go big’ as it were, that this was the place to come. As you no doubt have noticed, I am a bit more metallic than other arcanists you may have come across. However, I lack a bit of...covering in a key area. I’ve commissioned a set of platinum greaves, in reverence of my patron...I seek to have them imbued with a balance of strength and intelligence, for that lust which drives one in battle must be tempered by a cool head.” He cannot help but flick his eyes over to Bellatrix during this last. “The long answer, perhaps my company here can help to elaborate, but let us say, that if you were to render these services, your help would be felt a great deal beyond just those you see here today, for there are powers afoot that all who claim to be agents of good would do well to refute.”
Random slurping and sipping sounds greet the silence after Maouelue's statement.  Lanrion nods contemplatively.  The witch's eye flit between all members of the party, trying to take everything in.  The guards, who did not sit, stand in awkward quiet behind the troupe.  Daran looks out of place and a bit nervous, while Benna...  is trying to hold in laughter.  Or gas.

Lanrion sweeps his gaze around to all, landing last on Maouelue.  "Thank you for your candor, Metal Mage."  He smiles.  "I have had success in enchanting.  And other arcane arts, in truth.  I'm a big fan of history, too.  Did you know, the very place we're sitting used to be the site of a major event in Feywild history?  It's true," he looks seriously around the group.  "It is right here that the Pale Prince tore out his heart.  Some say that, when his love sailed across the sea, with the Queen of Ravens, he clutched his own chest, ripped the heart out of his very body, and buried it in the ground.  Isn't that interesting?"
“Interesting is quite a word; says everything while fully saying nothing. We keep hearing tell of this Pale Prince as it would so happen. Have a few tomes along with us, matter of fact. Strange we would be led right to the, forgive the punnery, *heart* of it all so directly.”
“Tell me, is there any part of the story that involves a black ship?”
“And mind, all of you, pipe in if you wish.” He surveys Benna as he says this.
Benna is sitting on her hands, rocking back and forth, looking utterly crazy and very much at home.  The rest are in rapt fascination between the two of you.

"Black ship, black heart...  One in the same, yes?  And the pun is forgiven, goodsir.  I wouldn't hold a pun against even my worst enemy.  Now, you were saying about the enchanting.  You need your armor strengthened against...  battle rage?  Or would you just need them to give you a boost to your will?"  (Insight check, if you want!)

"Ahem, well, I had imagined this conversation would be a bit less well-attended, but I'll try to be frank. When the...head gets a rush of blood in the heat of battle, the brain would do well to remain sane. Something to bolster the blood supply...perhaps a boon of intelligence to keep my wits."

The mage awkwardly tries to explain himself in front of his company.
