strange-tension"Ah, now that's a story!  So, I'm running into the room, really I was falling into it, trying to get away from whatever was coming through those doors.  Thought I would hide in the goblin's tent and surprise him, like.  Only, when I take a step in, there are these stairs, and everything is pitch black.   I stumble a bit, fall, catch meself on the dirt floor, a few feet down.  I'm totally thrown but I have enough wits about me to get the hell outta the way, in case something else comes clambering down like I did.
"Well, as I move off the dirt path, I see the oval shapes all around me.  Black upon black they were, almost couldn't make 'em out.  My torch went kaput, so I had to feel my way around.  These things were hot to the touch, so I put two an two together, came up with four, and realized they were dragons eggs!  Then this big bloke comes in, searching for something.  Snuck up and gave him a whack on the back o' the noggin.  Then I ran out as fast as I could.
"If you ask me, looks like they're making a dragon army with all those eggs in there.  Or feeding something humongous."
"By the breath of the sea mother...A DRAGON ARMY?!?"
"This bears careful thought. Did you get a sense of...how heavy those eggs are? How long do you think he'll be out?"
"Aye, maybe?  Who knows what these... crazies do or why.  I bet he'll be out for a few minutes, but frankly he could be coming too any minute.  The door's shut, if we can wedge it closed somehow, that should buy us some more time."
"Indeed...though I hate to think what foul deeds might become of those dragon eggs one way or another. Do we not have a responsibility to do something about it?"
"Though, might better to get out alive and maybe do aught on the other side of the wall as well..."
Dieter grimaces, but steels his mind. "Right. We flee East."
Before he turns, he looks back to the Red Dragon and considers taking a little memento.
Frume takes an antelope head from the wall and wedges it under the doors.  The scraping grates on the ear.
The mounted dragon head is bulky and, in all sense of taste and class, abhorrent.  The look it's giving, the size of it, the actual taxidermy...  Not well done at all.  But it could work as a memento or a specific buyer might pay a good sum for it.
Dieter, is looking at the horns and teeth, presumably the eyes have been replaced by something or other as surely a Dragons real eyes would not sustain in this way.
The door E grates on the stone floor, crumbling pebbles acting as pumice to the floor beneath.  The heroes look through and see a long room, bedecked with gadrooned columns and torches lit irregularly on the rough stone walls.  There is an air to this room, a somber, creepy feel.  A breeze blows through, rustling tapestries attached to several columns.
The floor also tracks downward toward the end of the hall approximately 60 feet away, dropping in all about 15 feet.  There are three doors on that end of the room, one on each side, W, S, and E.  There is something carved in them, but you can't tell from this vantage point.


From the far end of the room, Dieter can tell there are four separate banners.  All different colors, they look to have different insignias on them as well.  The doors, although still hard to make out, have an odd type of lock on them, which is what is carved into them.  There are no handles on the W and S doors, but the door to the E has one.
You also hear the wind stir, but you can't make out what's creating the draft.
Taking what he can of the dragon bone, Dieter hurries the crew into the East room. Ever cautious, they close the large doors behind them again. He works with Frume to closer identify the insignias and lock patterns on each door.

As Dieter starts dissecting this mounted dragon, it falls apart in his hands.  The skin, brittle as paper, flakes away.  The musculature wasn't treated properly and turns to dust in his hands.  The teeth and horns, however, and decently intact.  You get two horns and ten teeth.






The first is a symbol of the Zhentarim, a cabal of merchants, thugs, and assassins bent on cornering every market and town for themselves.  They have no scruples and care for nothing save money and power.
The second is the mark of the Cult of the Dragon.  There are many off-shoots, but this is  the main symbol created by lich Sammaster.  Their ultimate goal is to raise the dragons and dragon-kin to their rightful place in the world - above all.
The third is the mark of the Arcane Brotherhood.  Frume pipes in about this one, as he mentions he has dealings with the city of Luskan~~, or which it is now known as, the City of Anarchy.~~  They are a fringe society, but what they lack in notoriety, they make up for in pure ambition and magical prowess.  There are a set number of seats in the brotherhood, one has to die in order for another to be raised into the sect.
The last...  eludes even Frume.  He scratches his head.  "Looks like a death cult of some kind, but I'm damned if I know.  You feel that chill, by the way?"
"Follow the air. It will guide us out." *I hope...*
Dieter goes over to the East door and checks the handle while feeling around for the draft.
Feeling a draconic irony overcome him, Dieter hands Frume a bottle of Gold Dragon Ale and pulls one for himself as well. His third and final, he proffers to Shelli, seeking any sign of interest.

The snail sticks her... nose (?) up at the brew, but Frume taps your bottle and says, "Fucking cheers to that!"
