strange-tension*The group load out the rune coins and pack enough silver to be wise for the road. About 25 nuggets each.*
She smiles, "I'll be here when you get back."  She twirls her hammer and starts back to working on your sword attachment.
*With a nod, they move off down the road. Dieter, in a hushed voice, suggests that they head back to Trix. He tells them he would like to have her scry again using these strange parchments and coins as a focus.*

*Dieter’s face begins to elongate strangely and his body begins to bend at the midriff, his proportions oddly shifting as his clothing and gear merge into his shifting skin. A moment later where he had stood, there is now a large black stallion. Who neighs and beckons Douglas and Maouelue towards his back in an apparent bid to get them to mount.*
Douglas takes a step back, eyes wide, stammering.
"I knew you had magic, but..."
"Aye."  He'll go to pat Dieter Stallion.
"Never."  Standing in awe, he thinks for a moment, then says, "Are we really going back to the forest right now?"
*Dieter Stallion lets out a snort and kicks his hind hooves at the dirt.*
Douglas looks from the horse to the wizard, then back again.  "No, yeah.  Yeah, that's okay.  We can go, that's...  Yeah, that's okay.  Let's go!"
*Maouelue gives him what he thinks is an understanding look.*
*They both hop on, Douglas a bit gingerly and requiring a hand up, then Dieter Stallion accelerates to a canter and heads out of town towards the forest.*
As you head out of town, farmers wave and double take at the stallion.  You pass the animals in the field again.  There are even a few farm-hands out this time.  As you get closer to the forest route, Dieter, having been through the trail before, picks up the track fairly easily.  There are a couple twists, but he remembers to look for the blood on the trees, and the arrows pointing the way.   A short time later, the group comes into view of the ramshackle homestead of Bellatrix.
Just as Douglas hops down from the druid, and arrow flies by his head, narrowly missing piercing his skull.  It embeds itself in the tree just beyond him, and a rapid series of sticks breaking can be heard from where you all just passed by.
Everyone whirls their heads around, looking for the source of the shot.
(Perception checks!)



Douglas and Dieter can't see anything through the underbrush and the trees.  But Maouelue detects the slightest hint of movement approximately 70 feet away.  Something humanoid is crouching down behind a tree staying perfectly still and blending into the foliage nearly seamlessly.  Nearly...

*The two riders dismount and seek the nearest cover searching for a tree or perhaps behind a wall of the shack.*
*Dieter’s form begins to quickly revert, and just as he is back in human form, he shouts,* “Earth gods, hear my words”
An arrow wings through the trees again, this time just catching Douglas in the shoulder.

AS1 was added to combat with initiative 1d20 (4) + 3 = `7`.


SECRET was added to combat with initiative 1d20 (12) + 0 = `12`.
SECRET removed from combat.
You must pass in a positive, nonzero HP with the -hp tag.
SECRET was added to combat with initiative 1d20 (5) + 0 = `5`.



*Maouelue moves backward about 30ft and attempts to take cover.*




*Dieter loads a magic stone into his sling and hurls it toward the ambusher*

Surprised at the barrage actually hitting, the darkly garbed human form arises from hiding...
*Dieter moves to the opposite side of the lane from Maouelue and also tries to obscure himself behind a tree.*
Douglas falls to a knee and rips the arrow from his arm.  He looks around for cover, decides to dash for the homestead.
The being bedecked in dark leather armor is more visible now.  A scarf or some type of headgear is obscuring their face.  They make to raise the bow again, but in one swift motion, spins on their heels, stows the bow, and *runs* away from the group.

As Douglas runs towards the shack, he sees a shimmer of air through the doorway.  Bellatrix appears a bit further beyond where Douglas just came from and casts...


And from the underbrush, thorny vines reach up 20 feet all around the escaping being.  It tries to make a jump over the rising vines, only to be thrust back into a circling hedge of bramble thickets.

*Maouelue dashes 70ft toward the bound assassin.*

*Dieter moves into range and makes a long range sling attack with his second magic stone.*
Douglas is going to run the way he came, ending up next to Trix.  He unslings his shortbow, knocks an arrow, and fires.

The arrow sticks into the increasingly dense rising thicket.
With all of the tumult around the being, it calms itself and looks around...
It ties a length of rope around an arrow and lets fly at the closest tree.  The arrow sticks, the humanoid scrambles up the length of rope. (It's now 10 feet above the thorn wall and 30 feet from the canopy of the trees.)
"Damn," swears Bellatrix.  She reaches into her component pouch, brings out a dried snakes skin and cast...

A green beam of light streaks toward the dangling thing, hitting it and swaying the cord.
