strange-tensionAs the druid brings the glowing crystals closer to Jaecob, Muhlen starts twitching and going into seizures.
Dieter quickly hurries the crystals away to the opposite side of the room, taking note of their strange properties. The connection to these voices seems important, but he’s not sure how much more he can take. He rushes back over to Jaecob to check on his condition.


He pours a bit of water from his skin onto Jaecob’s forehead.
The tremors stop as the crystals are retreated.  As the water pours onto the man's head, Dieter doesn't get the sense that it helps all that much, but the man does seem to be more at peace.  Still unconscious, however.
Dieter has an idea. He heads back over to one of the crystals and attempts to bash it with the Eagle end of his bladestaff.

His aim is pretty terrible though, so he tries again to hit the unmoving object right below him.

He really wants to make sure it’s taken a proper beating so he tries yet again.


Dieter takes two points of damage as he is pushed back by a psychic blast from the crystals.  They are not damaged.
The Druid is very wary of the chest at the altar. He's feeling the panic of the situation closing in upon him. He walks back away from the mesmerizing crystals. And begins to line up toward the chest.

As Dieter walks towards the chest, he sees the egg is now shaking a little.
He stays about 15 feet away and sends a blast of flame at it.

Flame erupts from the druid and heads toward the altar.  It explodes, and as it does, the fire is drawn into the egg-shaped icon.  It grows in size, slightly.
The beating and clicking get louder.
There's nothing for it. He's going to tempt the fate of the egg. He steps a few feet further back and sends out another jet of flame.

The gout of flame speeds towards the altar.  Again, the same happens.  The magic is wholly swallowed by the egg-shaped item on the table.  It grows again.  The beating and clicking get louder still.
“Hmm, I wonder...”, mutters The Deleter.

He sends a shard of ice to blast over at the ticking egg.
Ice erupts from the druid's hands, forming a spike.  It careens towards the object of his ire, but it looks like it's going to miss by at least a foot or so...  then the particles of magic that created the spike atomize, all of it being sucked into the now burgeoning egg-shape.  It tilts a little on it's stand.  The chest is also moving, seemingly trying to get away from the item on the altar.  The beating is getting frantic, as is the clicking.
The egg has now grown to the size of a large watermelon.
Now trying to think of anything to coax this egg into opening without enlarging anymore, he blurts out one of the only words he knows in this language. “*Sungovall...*”
The egg tilts and buckles, but not from the words.  It is growing again.  As Dieter speaks the foreign word, grinding stone is heard behind him.  The door in the curved wall is opening.
“Shit! Shit! Shit!”
“Sungovall!” He tries again now to get the door to close, if indeed that’s how it works. He’s starting to panic now.
The door stops several inches open.  A *whooshing* sound emanates from the dark room beyond.  The egg-shape wobbles dangerously on the pedestal.  The beating and clicking rise to a fever pitch.
To make matters worse, streaks of blood can be seen coming from Jaecob's ears.
Dieter resigns himself to what must be done. He runs over and picks up the egg, trying to open it.
Picking up the egg, battling the noise and the nausea that threatens to undo him, Dieter grips the egg-shape in two and and *rips*!
Because it is growing, the shell hasn't been able to keep up with the growth.  Seen now up close, it is scaly, hot to the touch, and Dieter can even see an appendage poking out, trying to break free from the inside.
The egg's skin is stretched to the breaking point.  As Dieter grips the sides, a small clawed arm comes up and out of the top!

Dieter takes ancillary damage as egg goo splashes on him.  As he drops the egg, the whole thing splatters and breaks on the ground.  Inside, a writhing animal tries to right itself and stand.  The thing is a mass of tentacles, appendages, claws, and scales.

The being is half baby dragon, half mind flayer.  Its face is a mass of tentacles, its beady eyes search out for one of its kind.  The voices have abated since the door has opened, but ever since the dragon-flayer has emerged, you can pick up its birthing cries telepathically.
[600 xp]
[300 xp]
Dieter immediately loses all sense of fear at seeing the baby animal, his druidic roots coming to the fore. He begins to lock eyes with it and tries to tend to it as best he can. He speaks to it softly and offers it some water.



The baby, wet and scrabbling for purchase, looks up at Dieter.  Cocking its head, it tries to understand.  Seeing the waterskin, he cocks its head to the other side, reminding Dieter a bit of a newborn puppy.

