strange-tensionFrume appears out of the middle of the text, running at a full tilt!
Breathing heavy, he runs into Dieter.  "Not a... tent.   Cave.  Eggs..."  He heaves and tries to catch his breath.

The skeleton skedaddles towards the snail, hidden inside it's shell.






“Fuck! Dragon! Skeletons! Wights! Where the fuck did that Captain go!?”
"He's in the cave!"
"I think I knocked him out!"
“Good one! Help me kill these effing skeletons! We’ll figure out the dragon...after.”
"Right!"




"Gah!"





More bones!!!

“Dragon! Speak you the common tongue?!?”
Shelli remains safely stowed.


The skeleton facing off against the dragon runs away.  The last one left attacks Frum.



“Dragon, do you speak the Abyssal tongue?” Dieter utters from the darkest depths of his soul.
The dragon does not respond.  Frume shakes his head as Dieter speaks.

He shakes his head and is back in the fight.

“Here Frume, finish him off.”


"Shit.  Sorry."

Target s4 not found.


Dieter tries to communicate with the dragon again, this time in Giant.
Nothing doing, now he's stalking towards Frume.
"Maybe try draconic, aye?!"
“YOU THINK IF I KNEW IT I WOULDN’T HAVR TRIED THAT FIRST! DO YOU KNOW IT?!?”
“Tiamat! Hear me! Teach me to speak amongst your glory!”
"WHY WOULD I KNOW IT?!  You know Abyssal!!!"
The dragon cocks it's head at you at the mention of Tiamat.
Dieter produces a flame in one hand and holds a serpent amulet in the other, then slowly walks out to face the black dragon.
“I come to seek the guidance of one who knows Tiamat.”
Dieter lowers his head but keeps his eyes on the drake.
The over-large maw stretches all the way down either side of the black dragon's face, giving it a macabre, menacing look.  The black eyes, pupil-less, stare straight at the druid.  It smacks its mouth, acid spittle dripping from it's teeth.
Not blinking, not looking away from the dragon’s gaze Dieter lays out the amulet facing the gigantic maw. He sets his flame in the center of the neckband and begins to ritually line up his vials of poison around the outside of the makeshift shrine. He finishes with the Neogi venom at the 12 O’clock position in front of the amulet. 
“Tiamat, take these gifts that our minds might connect.”
[1500 xp]



The dragon pops its front paws on the closest upright barrel.  He begins sniffing the air, completely ignoring the makeshift altar.  The huge maw opens, the tongue lolls out.  Dieter notices, now, that this is very close to a baby dragon, maybe a few years old at most.  And it is extremely hungry.
The tongue laps at the sharp teeth, the two men back away.  Shelli shakes in her shell.
The dragon turns its head to the remnants of the fire in the other room.  Sniffs again. Then pops down from the barrel and trundles over to Shelli's former prison and starts snacking on what's left of the pantry items.
Dieter, slightly embarrassed considering, picks up the altar pieces and stows them back in their various locations. He takes a moment to spread the contents of one of his poison vials over his armaments.
"Twas a good idea, lad.  Maybe we can take a look in the cave before we bust outta this place?"
(Probably best.  If you were to level up and update now, you'd get all your spell slots and such back.)
The experience with the dragon and Shelli have struck a chord deep in the spirit of the developing Druid. He feels the pull back to the coast embodied by Shelli, whose amphibious nature and steadfast presence remind him of the sea and of home. The dragon, the fleeting, yet acquiescent power, the stoic serpentine stature, key him into the deep mystery at play here and the opaque stakes, the depths of which he is sure he has not even begun to plumb. 

Dieter leads away into a quiet corner and beckons the Bandersnatch to stand guard a moment while he recovers himself and meditates on all that is new.
"Sure, no problem lad."  Frume splits his attention between the seemingly illusory goblin tent and the hallway from whence the small battalion just came.
"Let's move! I need more time to do this properly. Frume, take the rearguard, Shelli, well...follow as quickly as you can!"
Dieter leads them through the room of Dragon carnage and stops short to take a closer look at the place now the dragon has moved on.
"Everyone, get in here and let's bar these doors."
Frume begins to do so, ushering Shelli in as fast as they both can.  Besides the skeleton-cide that happened in here, it looks like it was once nicely furnished as a trophy room.  Various stuffed animal heads, including a small red dragon, are mounted on the stone walls.  Interesting creatures abound in here.  You also take notice, through every room you've passed, you haven't seen any windows...
Dieter looks around for any valuables, then asks of Frume, "Just how did you disappear with the Captain? And what of that strange Goblin hut?"
There is a door, stone, on the E wall.
Dieter meanders over to the Red Dragon head to give it a thorough inspection.
