strange-tensionHe take his bowie knife out, tips his hat with it, then starts in on the butchering.
*The duo retire.*


The two heroes, a bit shaken by their previous run in, have a bit of a restless time getting to sleep.  The majority of the night is peaceful.  There comes a time, right when the moon is just past the midpoint of its apex, when both men have the same dream...
*The darkness opens onto an entrance.  Runes are etched, but these are not the ones you're searching for.  There are many hazards here, many ways to die.  You enter and pass rooms, pass through hallways untouched by human eyes for generations.  You come upon a large hall, filled with statues holding up the ceiling.  These enormous statues depict lizardfolk in battle.  Victorious over their foes.  A strange feeling comes over you as you turn to see more lizardfolk around you, but these are not statues.  These are snake-people...  Snakes with humanoid features.  Arms on some, legs on others.  All with scales or some semblance of leathery hide.  They take you and tie you to the dias at the end of the big hall.  They pierce your side, let the blood run down the dias into a pool.  Whispery footsteps can be heard, a path is made by the crowd to let* him *in.  You catch a blurred glimpse of the smiling face as you succumb to your injuries.*
The two only wake that once during the night.







*The two magic users waken at first light, their eyes feeling somewhat heavier than usual. They each rise, stretch, and take care of their morning usuals. They each then take their newly crafted heirlooms outside into the morning light and dew for a spot of meditation and exercise. As they pose and twirl about in the sunbeams, the silver of their weapons twinkles and bends the light into waving spectra cascading over the ranch. Dieter imagines a cyclone from his past and spins around in sweeping arcs, while Maouelue plays at sending ice crystals around his orbs and watches the angled refractions dance. He casually lobs one over at the spinning Dieter, who spots it mid turn and strikes it with the eagle end of his bladestaff. The orb soars out into the field amongst the animals. The two catch each other’s eyes and smile. They needed this moment after the haranguing pressures of the previous days. The stop their exercises and climb over the corral fencing to go and retrieve the ball, taking note of the animals along the way.*
There are few in the field, and only sparse farm hands out.
You both spy smoke coming from near the house.
*The two men cut short their heats and quickly pivot to inspect the source of the smoke.*
Vam and Heston have started a cookfire outside.  They've set out massive strips of white-grey meat, set to throw them on the fire as it builds.
"Mornin' friends!  How about some fresh snake meat to break your fast, eh?"
Vam chuckles and says, "Now, gimme second to sear the damned thing!  Unless you take yours rarified!"
Heston chuckles too, concentrating on honing his knife but listening to the happenings of the farm in the morning.
The meat is cooked to perfection, and stories are told around the breakfast camp fire.  (Anything you want to ask Vam or Heston?)
Heston sits back in his seat, taking a chew off his plug of tobacco, offers it around.  Vam declines, the takes a deep breath and pushes his plate away.
"Well, good sirs, I don't rightly know where to start.  Don't know if I'm going to enlighten you folks, either.  But I can tell you what happened after you slipped off to dreamland last night."
"Bunch of us, we stayed up taking care of this here snake.  Bellatrix came through and told us Douglas was ready for burial, so we took care of that in the patch the town's reserved for such things.  Bellatrix ended up taking off after that, but she mentioned that we might want someone to watch over the graveyard that night, just in case.  I put one of my hands on it, he didn't see anything amiss all night.  Not a hide nor hair from Bazad.  Rhahlad did come back, but only for a few seconds.  Heston here scared him right off, just showed him what you gents faced down in the streets last night."
"So...  I guess the best way to begin about Douglas and Culver is to say, I really don't *know* all that much.  Culver was a staple of the town, Douglas just seemed to be a passer-by.  They got to drinking together, guess that was their bond.  There was a miner friend of theirs, too, used to keep the end three stools at the Pig warm, if you know what I'm gettin' at.  Didn't interact with Douglas, but Culver and I go way back.  Get most all of my supplies from him.  Shame to hear he's gone missing."
"There was some scuttlebutt about Culver and Douglas dealing with the big man from the Pig, calls hisself Molur.  People say they were looking for something for him, maybe laundering it through Culver's store.  But that's all hearsay, I've never had a bad deal from Culver.  He's a good 'un."
