strange-tensionThe only exit, save the way the group had come through, is a solid bronze door at the south-eastern end of the room.
They head over to the far door treading around the edges of the room.
Maouelue inspects it for traps and locks.

The big, beefy door is *nothing* compared to the brawn of the Dragon Mage!
“Well then, here goes!” The mage *lunges* into the door fairly at a run.


Maouelue *BLASTS* into the bronze door, making it flatten and ring throughout the ensuing hallway.  As the door crashes to the ground, a crack grows from the edge of the battered door, growing and creasing...  meandering...  until it attaches to the hole in the floor that connects to the lava run!  The floor caves in, taking Maouelue and Benna down into the crevasse.  Bellatrix is nimble and hops away.
"Aaaaaaaghhh!!!"
"Ssss...ss...sssorry...sso sorry!!!"



"Really....ssso soooryy.."

Bellatrix comes over to help you both out of the lava and administer aid.

A rattling of a door handle can be heard over the din in the room.  A door opens, steps echo...
The party, licking their wounds, stands to attention...
*Step step, click...  step step, click...*
An old man's voice, "Snarr?  Snarr, did you finally break that blasted door down."  He chuckles softly.   "'Bout damned time."
*Click, step step...  click, step step...*
"Snarr is gone. He left through the seal. And you? Which way will you go?"
*Maouelue’s travails are clearly getting the better of his temperament.*
One more *click* and an ebony staff comes into view, attached to a gnarled and wrinkled hand.  Rounding into view is an old eladrin man, with white hair down to his waist.  He wears it unadorned, loose, and most of it is fly-away.  His eyes are piercing lavender, but he looks worried.  "And who might you be?"
“I...” Maouelue falters a moment.
“...I am called Maouelue.”
The eladrin nods.  Then shakes his head.  "That may be the name you use, but not the name you were given.  What have you done with my giant?"
“Aye. You seem to know me old one. As I said before, Snarr has felt the seal. Are you the one that took his arm then?”
He shakes his head again.  "No, not I.  The one that imprisoned all of us down here.  We all serve The Dragon.  For good or ill.  More than likely ill.  Do you and your lasses enjoy tea?  I might be able to find something stronger, given time."  He turns and starts walking back the way he came.
Mao leans to the others, “Who *is* this guy?”
They follow a few paces back.
The group follows the old elf a short pace to a nicely lit room, which you all notice immediately is temperature controlled as well.  A cool, calming feeling comes over you all as you are urged into the space.  There are bookshelves, desks, and an experimentation table set up, alongside a pair of chairs and a rickety but nicely maintained cot.  Because of the plethora of items in the room, there's not much space for movement.  It reminds all of a prison cell, albeit a comfortably adorned one.  The elder eladrin offers everyone seats and brings over a freshly brewed pot of tea.  He conjured cups for each of you and asks, "So, who's for tea?"
Maouelue politely accepts.
Bella and her sister are a bit hesitant, but figure it’s best to go along.
He smiles, pours, as well as one for himself.  And the tea is excellent, a hint of jasmine and honeysuckle, very light and sweet.  The eladrin sips and leans against one of his tables.  Smiling at the arranged crew, he says, "So.  I can only assume you have many questions.  I have a few myself.  Who would you prefer to begin?"
“Please, speak. We are...a bit out of our element here...”
"No pun intended, of course."  He smiles.  "Firstly, I would know why you don't go by your true name all of the time.  Is it shame or convenience?"
“I have only *just* learned it. It still sits oddly on my tongue.”
"I would imagine so.  If you don't mind me saying so, that name will become infamous.  If it isn't already so.  You might be able to change that, but...  we shall see.  Now, on to better things, what exactly brought you to the bowels of the Fortress of Frozen Tears?"
*The words seem to unsettle Maouelue who shifts uncomfortably on the spot.*
“It would seem I am led here by more than one thread of fate, if everything I have heard these past months is to be believed.”
"And which threads would those be?"  He sips his tea.
Maouelue takes a deep breath before speaking.
“I was told...I have a brother here. A brother whom I have never met.”
The eladrin nods, encouragingly.
“We seem also to follow, or be drawn along, in the wake of a mysterious Runemark. Giants and Dragons and Naga....oh my. It’s quite a tale in its own right...”
“It led us to the Summer Eladrin...the city of Starlight...” *The Mage’s voice drifts off into a minute reverie...* “And now here, under the frozen Fey tundras have we slipped and fallen on the slide of hubris, and though I feel nearer my destination than ever, the more I feel it sliding away.”
