strange-tensionThe woman cocks her head.  Her eyes sparkle in the torchlight, which seems to not only illuminate the room you're in, but hers as well.  "There are many roads you may travel, however each will lead you to your dark serpents.  The World Devourer waits for you and your companions.  The shadows are not the opposite to Bahamut's Chosen, but an aspect of the Great Dragon's duality, Tiamat.  While the races of elves stem from the various gods, all serpent races, including the Ancients, stem from the Great World Serpent.  At this time, there are those who are trying to open a rift in the material plane for the Great World Serpent.  Yet, there are those who are twisting their minds in order to bring Bahamut's nemesis to Faerun.  If this happens, all may be lost."
She smiles kindly at you.  "Do not lose hope, dear Druid.  You may not have the strength now.  Follow your heart and trust in your friends.  The road will lead you to where you need to go.  Be sure you're learning to be ready for the battle when the time comes."  Smiling, she fades into Dieter's reflection.  Then the stone façade returns to the surface, and the words disappear.
Dieter stares transfixed at the spot where his oracle has just disappeared, his mind transfixed on what he has just heard. He stares, motionless, ruminating, stoic.
"What happened there?  You see something I'm missing?"  Frume in going all over the column, unable to understand why Dieter's been staring at it intently.
Dieter’s attention is wrested from the column by Frume’s voice. 
“Whoowha???”
“Oh! Frume. Ahhh, yes um. There was a...sort of vision? I can’t explain. Anyway, it won’t do to dally here. Onward my good man.”
"That's okay, that's just fine.  Didn't want you completely disappearing on me.  Hey, whatdya say we go try that blue gem again?  If we need to get your gear, we're kinda going the wrong way."
"I suppose it can't hurt, now we've figured out how to pry them out. Let's do it!"
Dieter leads back to the gemmed door.
"Ok, together this time, right?"

"Agh! This fucking thing! Frume, I don't know if it's going to budge..."
Frume gets an crazy look in his eye.  He looks to the door.  Then to the noxious table.  Then back to the door.  He gets down on his hands and knees, checking the bottom of the door.  He says, "Wanna try something?"
"I can see you're not going to let this go easily. Aye, I'll follow your lead."
Standing and heading toward the pile of bodies.  He tears some strips of cloth and brings them to the table, ushering Dieter over.  "If this doesn't work, or it takes too long, we'll search more."
Frume starts lighting the strips of cloth and tossing them into the various liquids and such on the table.
@SuoRess_1019
Rolling 10 iterations, DC 15...
1d20 (4) = `4`
1d20 (3) = `3`
1d20 (5) = `5`
1d20 (**20**) = `20`
1d20 (10) = `10`
1d20 (13) = `13`
1d20 (18) = `18`
1d20 (9) = `9`
1d20 (2) = `2`
1d20 (**1**) = `1`
2 successes, 85 total.
The first few, nothing happens.   On the fourth, a small explosion lights up the table and the smell of ozone fills the air.  Frume smiles at Dieter.  "That's a winner!  Remember that one."  He continues.  Another does something similar.  Unfortunately, his enthusiasm reaches a bit too far.
He reaches a small red vial, the contents are thick and it looks almost like a solid mass instead of a liquid.  Frume drops the flaming bit of cloth into it.  Nothing happens for a second, two... three.   Then, the inside of the vial turns a bright orange, the vial balloons out...
The the contents implode.  (Dex save, please!)


Frume takes the brunt of it, while Dieter is able to jump behind the pile of bodies.  (Luck check, please!)
"Oufffe! Also remember to *NOT* do that one again!"
"Shite!  Well.  No pain, no gain, right boyo!"
"Aye, I'm no stranger to that one."
"Just what did you put in that first one?"
He is able to find the first beaker of putrescence and he sets it under the door.  "Just set it on fire, laddie!  I remember from some of my sailing days, we found some dead bodies on a beach.  Tried to burn them and several of them just *exploded*.  Figured there might be something here like that here.  If you would do the honors, let's stand back and toss the flame over!"
"Right."
Dieter tosses the torch then ducks behind the pile.
The vial goes up in a fiery explosion, the door goes up in flames immediately.  Smoke fills the room.  (Con save, please!)


Dieter starts coughing, hard.  Frume pushes something into his hand.  He pulls up a kerchief and motions for you to do the same.  (Con save again, please!)

(*muffled*) "You good to go?  Let's get it!"  Frume runs at the flaming door.  He hits the door with his shoulder.

Dieter follows, with a shake of the head.
The door comes down and Frume pats down his clothes, checking for fire.  "Fun, right?!"  He smiles widely at Dieter.
The hall is short and it turns sharply to the right.
"You know what?!? That *was* fucking fun!"
Dieter likes this bit of reckless indifference. It's an interesting change of pace.
"Ha!"  He thumps you on the shoulder, then heads to the break in the hall.
The subsequent hallway goes north and south.  The light illuminates the whole length.  There's a dead-end to the N, to the S it takes a sharp turn E.  There, unfortunately, is a heavy stench of urine that is starting to be covered by the smoke stench.
"I can't fucking breathe in here for much longer. Let's hurry!"
Dieter runs to the South corner.
Another short hall.  A hall to the N, then another at the far end to the S.
Dieter scopes out both turns.
A short hallway on the N ends in a locked door.  The door to the S button-hooks around to head W.
The Druid dives on forward S and W.
The hall curves north and ends in a locked door.
Dieter doubles back to the other door.
