strange-tensionThe human takes a running jump, but can't get the depth down and crashes into the fall, falling over.  The dragonborn ups just fine, putting his hand down for the human.  The human stands, shakes itself off, and tries again...
The human jumps, but the boots are tied together, and he trips again.  The dwarf misses him, but the dragonborn grabs his arm and pulls him up.  (Maouelue's turn!)

With a hefty *sproing*, the metal mage makes it to the very edge of the top of the wall.  The dwarf stabilizes him and the group now looks out over yet another vast field of blackness.  The world seemingly ends here.  One by one, the people jump down into the blackness and disappear.
"Well blimey... what an odd sort of place this is..." He looks behind himself again, back down the grassy side to regain his bearings.

"All I gotta do is juuuuuuuuuuuuuuump!"

The wizard jumps into  the void.  As the blackness envelopes him, it morphs and he feels himself floating through space.  A hazy blueness starts as a pinpoint of light, widens out to encompass his vision entirely, then focuses into the large block of ice with the person inside.  The giant elk nudges the newly re-appeared man, while the boots Maouelue had lent to the small group are waiting for him atop the cold block in front of him.
The sounds of dripping can be heard from somewhere in the corridors connected to this room, echoing off the frosted walls.
"Well Elkamigo...I dropped off that great wall, came unglued, fell into a deep well, and landed to reform here, *and* I took care of my shoes! Not bad for a moment's end I'd say!"
"I see... you're just staring at your walls..."
"But hark! Do I hear echoing footfalls? Or is that just the mire of the cavern? Let me sling up my baskets and we'll ride back down the line."
Elkamigo chortles something sounding suspiciously like "Do what you gotta jiboo."
Maouelue and Elkamigo look S towards the rooms opening, but nothing presents itself with the exception of the echoing dripping.
They ride South and Mao pulls the reigns up just as they start, thinking to take a closer look at these suits of armor.

All of the suits of armor are frost-rimed, about 7 ft tall, and each carry a long bastard sword at various stages of presentation.   There are five more, the alcoves they are in only have room for the armor.  They are all still immobile.
The dripping gets louder as you move farther S.
They walk on down the hall.
Elkamigo and Maouelue make their way through the corridor, passing into the room with the frozen monster...  which is slowly losing its frost covering.  This is where the dripping sound has been coming from, as a small puddle has formed underneath the creature.   It's antennae are sticking out, completely clear, and a portion of it's head is barren, yet the majority of the monster is encased.  

The giant elk moves slowly past the creature, seeing it's eyes following the pair.  Maouelue takes his eyes from the beast back down the W hall to the pool room...  and realizes something.  This is where Bellatrix and Benna were.  Yet, upon further inspection of the immediate area, they are nowhere to be found.  The dripping quickens.
Maouelue hops down from the furry frame and indicates for Elkamigo to back up into the entryway as he comes closer to inspect the beast.


The creature's name escapes him, but Maouelue definitely remembers that these beasts live in the ice and snow - usually under it, as a matter of fact - and ambush their victims.  With that knowledge, looking around on the floor the mage sees bits of different types of armor and weapons frozen underneath the massive worm-like thing.
There seems to be a orange-red glow coming from the creatures chest, too.  Deep withing the thing itself.
Maouelue inspects the water melting off the form, was this the magical sort or the other? He takes no chances, quickly attempting to form the water once again into a cage of ice spikes surrounding the creature.
[Shape Water]
He then reaches out with his feelings, trying to sense the creature’s conscience.


The Dragon Mage centers himself.  After a few deep breaths, he briefly thinks on Dieter and what he would do in this situation.  One more deep breath, and he squeezes his eyes close and reaches out with his feelings, with his emotions...  and finds an inferno of pain an anger raging in front of him.  The fire seems to be intensifying, while the emotions of the beast are lashing out at him, even in this amorphous state.  Maouelue feels the hate the creature has for anything humanoid, especially giant-kin.  It's especially fearful of the suits of armor, of which it believes Maouelue is a part of.  

Maouelue's eyes fling open as it mentally begins showing the mage what it plans to do with anything it encounters when it is freed.
“Calm your anger ancient one. I am not your keeper, and we need not come to blows. I sense your hatred for this frozen place, your heartsfire makes this plain. Let me show you my intentions are noble.”


Mao begins to accelerate the melting of the ice prison.

