strange-tension“Errrm, ah well met ancient brethren. I pray not be too presumptuous and I fully understand your desire to defend your lands. But we are here to quell a darkness that may yet reach its unrest into your domain. Surely your lord would hear fair warning! Let not old prejudices cast aside the cords of reason! Come, see our cause is just. I swear it by the star of my Master Shi’Vandos.”


The leader stops abruptly.  His companions do as well, the rear guard at attention.  The bows are drawn but not up.  The leader turns their head so that their voice can be heard behind them.  "I understand your need.  Both of our worlds have troubles, 'doom' to use a phrase.  It is not foreign to us.  I am sure you would have us lead you to your way point.  You may even want to petition one of our noble houses, or one of the Queens even.  However, any of these actions would be folly.  You are outsiders, as we would be in your world.  We know how outsiders are treated in your Faerun.  I believe we are treating you much to the positive by allowing you to return to your home.  Do you disagree, cousin elf?"
The tension is offset somewhat by the beautiful atmosphere.  Each of the pale elves, however, is a taut bundle of muscle and wariness.
Maouelue's impetuous outburst is quelled. He opens his mouth to speak in retort, but words and courage fail him in light of this rebuke. All he can muster is, "And so it goes." He cows his head and treads on in captivity, saddened slightly at the difference between fancy and reality.
The leader nods, starts back to walking.  The octet moves N, away from their target.  Daran looks beaten, the women look worried.  

Suddenly, a loud *crack* sounds from the forest path in front of the group.  The leader puts their fist up to halt everyone.  No one makes a sound.
Hand signals move back and forth between the elves.  The rear guard moves forward on the path, bows drawn and aimed ahead of them.  Towards the sound.
A series of loud grunts issue forth from the glade just ahead, which is obscured by the trees as well as a small rise in the forest floor.  Daran whispers to himself, but Maouelue can catch it.  "Good place for an ambush..."


@SuoRess_1019
Rolling 4 iterations, DC 15...
1d20 (6) = `6`
1d20 (**20**) = `20`
1d20 (4) = `4`
1d20 (14) = `14`
1 successes, 44 total.
Two separate tree trunks, 10ft in diameter, come flying through the forest from beyond the rise.  The two lead elves checking out the noise catch the full brunt force of the attack, while the leader and Daran are just able to move out of the way at the last minute.  Maouelue's group jumps into the brush at the side of the forest path, while the other elves dodge and try to recover their friends as best they can.
The women are scraped up, and Daran immediately attends to their wounds.  The Eladrin revive their friends, who were knocked prone, one still looks completely out for the count.
Thunderous footfalls can be heard coming down the path toward the groups.
Maouelue, thinking quickly, offers the net of invisibility to Daran for the Sisters.
The old woman looks at the net oddly, then smiles wide.  She grabs it, tosses it around herself and Bellatrix, and the women disappear from sight.  Daran apprears taken aback for a moment, but then the thudding stops and he turns to see, 80 feet up the path...

Four massive, 15ft tall giants, grotesquely disfigured, emerge from the forest.  They see the scattered group and start chortling.  "Look, fellas," one says in a deep, lethargic drawl.  "We got ourselves some morsels."  The foursome start laughing and hoisting their clubs.  Slowly, they start advancing towards their prey.
FO1 was added to combat with initiative 9 as part of group GIANTS!.
FO2 was added to combat with initiative 9 as part of group GIANTS!.
FO3 was added to combat with initiative 9 as part of group GIANTS!.
FO4 was added to combat with initiative 9 as part of group GIANTS!.
WI1 was added to combat with initiative 5 as part of group Eladrin.
WI2 was added to combat with initiative 5 as part of group Eladrin.
WI3 was added to combat with initiative 5 as part of group Eladrin.




Bellatrix was added to combat with initiative 0.

"Are we running?" he asks Maouelue.
“Let us kite them out. Surely us elves are fleeter of foot than these beasts! We’ll run them ragged!”

“On second thought!...”
The giants bowl into the wood, knocking down saplings and revving up.  Their stares seem to unnerve some of the other elves.  The leader and the one on the verge of being knocked out seem effected most.  Suddenly, boils start breaking out all of the two elves's bodies!
Groups cannot cast spells.

Maouelue’s mind whirls at all that has happened in what seems like the last minute. He half wonders if Daran’s proclamations about fey time are in action as they speak. He steadies himself, wiping a bead of sweat from his brow. He breathes a cold stream onto it, watching it crystallize and grow, then calls to the icy winds of the north mountains, bringing down a heavy blast of snow!

“Tough bastards, eh?”
Daran and Bellatrix look at Maouelue and nod.

