strange-tensionThere is no physical lock, but it looks like there is an arcane lock on it.  A knock spell, dispell magic spell, or high arcana check will be able to break through it.
"Hmm," shrugs Dieter. "I am not prepared. I'll just have to see what I can make of this."

Dieter probes, searching.  There is an aura of abjuration magic, protection magic.  It reminds him of Maouelue for a moment.  He recalls the mage's capability with magics, how adept he always was with all things magical.  As he probes, he wonders where his friend was at that moment.  A *click* brings him back from his reverie.  The large, ornate clasp on the front of the long chest flips open, the aura fades.
"Well fancy that..." *Was it just coincidence? Just as he was thinking of the arcane elf....* "Humphf...surely just a coincidence."

He leans in now with thirsty intent on the contents.





There's also 4,000 gold in rare gems.  Dieter sees four beautifully cut gems, various colors.
Dieter turns now to the books. If he's being honest he was a bit tired of reading at that very moment, but he could not resist the pull of magic emanating from the various tomes. Securing the chest's contents, he now moves among the volumes, pulling the glowing books from their shelving, reading.


As Dieter picks through the volumes, most have a good solid layer of dust on them. he finds two that seems very well-worn but still quite well put together. At a quick glance, there's a broad book that tells of various evocation spells, and how to put them together properly (Reading the book will gain you one level 2 spell from the Evocation school).  The next book is black, with no markings on it.  The inside is blank.
"What a strange tome this is..." Dieter remarks, turning it's pages over in his hands and showing it to his entourage. "What do you lot make of it?"
Jaecob shrugs and falls into a chair, yawning widely.
"Well, I'm sure we can prod it for answers along the way." He says, stowing it in his pack and beginning to read the first book with eagerness.
Dieter now scans the rest of the room and begins moving to the doors in clockwise order starting at the West, turning their knobs and looking beyond into each space.
He moves then to the N door.
Just beyond, a storeroom with various sundry items.  Dried beans and fruit.  Some cured meats.
Before Dieter went into the N room, however, he did have to unlock the door.  It was locked from his side.
"Come get your fill lads."
Jaecob bounds from the chair.  "Aye, lad!!"
He takes some time clearing out old rations and filling up his stores. Jaecob follows suit and several fists full of meat and fruit are sent to the snapping maws of Flayco and Shelli.
Flayco gobbles with relish.
But he wishes it were brains.
Sweet, sweet brains.
Full now in belly and in bag, the move to the East room.
"We'll get you some brains soon Flay...." *Pathetic little whelp.*
This is nearly a mimic of the long hallway with banners that you all had just come from.  (If you want to enter this room, we'll have to pause.  I want to give you a good description and it leads to a few other rooms.)
A 100 ft long hallway greets the foursome, mimicking the hall of banners you had just come from.  Although, there are no banners here.  Just tall, fluted columns with scratches at the bottom of them, as if from an animal...  or a pack of them.  The rest of the stonework also have these claw marks, they go up about five feet all around, but no higher.
Dieter takes a closer looks at the scratching, being no stranger to clawing a wall or two himself. What kind of creatures might have done this?
A myriad of doorways abound...  one on the N wall, 2 open hallways and 2 doors to the E, one door to W.  To the south, a shrine.  A bust of a massive illithid covers the entire S wall, bookended by two flaming torches.  A few lighted sconces send eerie shadows all around.

It's strange, Dieter thinks they look like large wolf marks, maybe a dire wolf.  But there are a lot.  As he peers deeper, he sees dried blood between the cracks of the flagstones.
“Come Flayco, let us gaze upon this shrine together.” He leads the young abomination over to admire the shrine.
It's an abomination, but a nice likeness to Flayco.
Flayco gawks.
“Come, let’s keep moving.” Dieter says, leading them to the southeast passageway.
The hall turns sharply to the left twenty feet down, the light fades down this corridor.  Turning left, the party sees two doors on the right, one on the left, a hallway on the left near the end of the hallway, and an open doorway at the end, 75 feet away.  A flickering light can be seen beyond the doorway.
A strange sounds echoes down the hallway, eerie to Dieter's ears.  It sounds like...  wet mumbling?
"Did one of you just... wait... no, it's something else..." Dieter looks around to get a direction on the source of the sound and heads towards it.
(Ho... ly...  Shite..   gotta get my old maps out here... 😉
