strange-tension“Aye, a silver tongue indeed he has, but not so easily are his deeds swept away into forgiveness. Even as he would seem to offer me aid in this endeavor, never an altruistic motive did I perceive. However, perhaps this new understanding gives you an opportunity for a greater redemption. These beast appear to have his soul captive, draining it for power and secrets. Mayhaps you could be the one to give him his final end? After all, the old scars don’t seem to have fully healed, let alone that new one he just opened in your mind. I won’t implore you, but if we are to survive this, we must speak plainly and true. What do you say?”
"One in my mind...?"  Jaecob looks scared and his eyes go unfocused as he tries to reason this new bit of information.  Finally he says, "Aye, you're right.  I'm sorry, Dieter.  For my dishonesty and for my lack of courage.  I'll follow your lead on this, of course.  And if there be redemption here for any of us, let us find it, if only to go back to our families with heads held high."
“Time for you to be rid of the ripples of this curse my good man, for you have suffered greatly and it seems little of it is of your doing. I accept your apology and I am sorry to have plumbed the depths of your spirit so, but it would seem, my hand was forced...as it so often has been these days. Come Jaecob, or Frume if you still prefer. We must all wear the name we choose even if we cannot run from that which we are given.”
Dieter sidles up next to the melancholy man and gestures to the door. “It is time to move on, friend.”
“*Svankigare...*”
He smiles, getting up from his sitting position.  "Thought it was a nice name, *Frumious Bandersnatch*!  Got it from a book in my father's study."  He laughs, in remembrance.

The word is uttered and stone grinds, the south door swinging open towards the two adventurers.  Beyond is a dimly lit room, the light a pinkish-purple, throbbing to an imaginary beat.
As the men enter, a strange feeling comes over them.  (Wisdom save, please!)


A small pain, barely enough to register as a pain, arcs through their minds upon entering  (1 damage!  Smh.)
The sprawling room has a caved wall in the SW corner of the room, a strange stone door sits on a pedestal of sorts, with no form of handle again.  There is a small set of stairs on the E wall raising up to a offset room.  There are several tattered tents or makeshift shelters throughout.  All appear to be empty, at least from a cursory glance.  The pink-purple light is emanating from small braziers all over, at base of all of the walls.  There looks to be something inside the braziers, giving of the strobing glow.  They are not all in sync, however, making you feel a slight bit off balance.  Lastly, the duo notice standard wooden doors to the S and W, aside from to door in the curved wall jutting out.  (Perception or investiagtion on anything you want, just let me know what you're looking for/at!)...(and Roll20 is updated, too.)

As Dieter walks slowly into the room he rubs at an itch on one of his temples. He takes a keen look at the brazier down to his left and makes a note to inspect the tents thoroughly afterward.


Dieter scans a couple braziers close to him.  They seem to have oddly shapes crystals in them, again giving off light.  The tents have seen better days, although, that being said, they have more than likely been standing and decaying for quite some time.  Could be years to decades, it's hard to say.  The animal hide on them was cured, but they are still worn and threadbare.
As Dieter looks in a couple tents, he can see into one and traces of dried blood can be viewed.
Dieter looks goes about all of the tents looking inside each to see if they are empty and/or clean.

He turns his head as he passes back by the door and beckons Shelli to join.
Shelli lets out a *"Mwaaap"* and squeezes through the doorway.  As the investiagtion continues, the tents look either picked over or very sparse.  There are remnants of fires here and there.  The one with the blood has a corner covered in it, splashing up on the leathers.  Nothing else can be discerned from the tents, though.
“Jaecob, I must admit, my spirit and body are weary. The encounter with your father’s shade on top of all that led to this imprisonment has taken its toll. Pray, help me gather these crystals to put out the lights and let us take rest in these tents. Not the Pig and Falcon by a long shot, but better than being completely exposed as well. Shelli, we’ll rotate our guard and make sure you can rest too, poor thing.” He strokes a slimy stalk affectionately.


They look like crystals to you, nothing more than that.  You pile them up in the tent, check and shut the doors to the best of your ability, and settle yourselves for a long rest.




That's not a valid save.


The two men wake up to voices.  Inside their heads.  Not painful.  Not speaking to them, either.  
*"...Have to make sure he doesn't wake, EVER..."*
*"Did you see where they went?..."*
*"... Should be ready by now...."*
*"...If this guys bosses me around one more time..."*
*"Brains...  brains...  BRAINS..."*
*"Keep them out.  Must keep them out!"*
All of the words swirl together.  It doesn't even sound like many people, but the words ram into Jaecob and Dieter's minds without pause.
Shelli cocks her head at the two men.  Jaecob puts his hands to his ears.
The glowing crystals sparkle in the darkness.
Dieter raises himself slowly and begins to peer about the tent and then slowly outside the room.

