strange-tensionOuelue waits for her to be out of earshot, then leans closer to Heston.
He whispers,
“It is I...Maouelue. Prithee take a moment to catch me up with Vam...”
“...That is some fine snakeskin.”
The woman nods, and leaves quickly, making for the tavern.  Looking at it, the Pig and Falcon is surprisingly free of burn marks...
Heston does a double take, then looks Ouelue deep in her eyes.  He drops the reins and gives the mage a hug, saying, "I knew you'd come back.  The others...  they said you'd abandoned us to those monsters, but Vam and I...  we'd knew you'd come back to help."
Maouelue surprises himself with how passionately he returns the embrace. He is *relieved* to be back in town regardless of its state. There are wrongs here that need to be righted, and the return of Heston to his sight instills the vigor of purpose and direction.
“Daran, this is my good man Heston. He is a friend in this. Come Heston, let us away with these tidings to Vam.”
A bit embarrassed, but still a hardened cattle-man, breaks away from Maouelue/Ouelue.  He then shakes the rangers hand.  Surprisingly it is Daran that looks sheepish.  (Insight check for more!)

The man reminds Daran of someone. Mao can tell that, but no more.
Heston motions the two to follow him.  They head towards the ranch, which looks very battered indeed.  The farmland around it has been burned, part of the horse barn is collapsed, most of it has black soot marks all over.  The street in front still show the cracks from the serpent attacks.  The trio move quickly up the front steps and into the small ranch.  Heston waves at a couple women doing chores in the main room.  He leads the ranger and the druid to the back room on the first floor.
Opening the door slowly, quietly, he shows the others Vam.  Lying still in a bed, thin covers down to his waist, the man is bandaged over most of the top of his body.  Wet cloths hide the misery and pain beneath.  The skin that is visible is red, raw.  Vam is looking out the window opposite the group that just entered.  He doesn't turn his head when he says, "Knew you'd come.  Heston wouldn't've brought anyone else in here."  He turns his head to look at the trio.
Half of his face is covered in red, splotchy bandages.  The other side is wet with perspiration.  The black skin is cracked, distressed.  Like his eyes.  He tries to make sense of what he's seeing; a woman, an elf, and Heston.
“Forgive my glamour, it is I, Maouleue. My poor soul, what has happened here?”
The Cleric Mage immediately falls to his knees aside the flayed man and begins praying with bowed head and radiant spirit.
His eye becomes calmer, more... hopeful.  He beckons Maouelue in.  He tries to reach for the woman's shoulder, to comfort her, but is too weak to even find it.  After a few flailing attempts, his arm flops down and he takes a shuddering sigh.  His voice comes out as smoke and gravel.  "I appreciate you coming back.   But you shouldn't have.  The glamour is a good idea.  They came looking for you.  Pretty much right after you took off for those snakes."  He coughs.  "Seems like ten years ago, now.  Damn.  They came in the middle of the night, fires blazing.  Took down pretty much everyone.  Dragged the rest away.  Put a few to the question, then lit 'em up in the middle of town.  Like a fuckin' funeral pyre."
He coughs again, it wracks his body and he double over, causing more spasms.  Daran heads to the other side of him and commences with his magics.

“Nine Devils.....I will suffer their filth  *NO LONGER!*”


Vam's body rises above the bed, then the spells his.  Immediately, the coughing abates.  The three watch as skin knits together.  Red welts of burn damage close.  The man takes a deeper breath, then starts to laugh.
"You boys treat me too well, you know that.  By the gods, I'm tired."  He chuckles again and settles back in the bed.  "Shit was horrible before you go blaming yourself.  Three of the council being Muhlen's, no one knowing a damned thing about it...  Yeah, shit was done before you broke it open.  Hell, if you boys hadn't, we probably would have still be tripping along to their merry little melody.  This town owes you a debt it won't be able to fulfil.  Maybe that's what happened here.  The fates taking theirs."
He shifts to look at Maouelue.  "Either way, they're looking for you and unless you've got an army behind you, I'd say steer clear.  At least for the time being."
A woman's voice comes softly from the doorway.  "Were my ministrations too rigorous for you?"
Ouelue raises an eye at the intrusion and puts on an air of welcome into the clerical fold, while remaining vigilant under the mask and taking in every inch of the newcomer.
A raven-haired woman stands meekly in the doorway.  Bits of dirt and moss slightly mar her stark white skin.  She is a beauty to behold, though.  Bellatrix's head is bowed at the woman before her, waiting for either a reprimand on her work, or to be run out of town.
