strange-tension"As far as them having a link to the Muhlen's, that's a no go.  S'far as I know," he sucks his teeth a bit, trying to wean out a bit of loose snake meat, "They don't have any connection at all.  There're all sorts and sizes of stories about the Muhlen's.  They're the royalty of Oakhurst.  Matter of fact, they used to have a mansion house not too far from here.  All decrepit now, not any place anyone could live in.  Their maw and paw used to live up there, along with gallons of children!  So many running all over the damned place!  The father, he had his life tied up into that mine, Krytos Hill.  When the belly went up on it, so did his fortune, and he moved right outta here, taking the whole family with him.  All except Veena and Hozieh.  They had already set up shop here and didn't want to head out."
"Years passed, they became a staple of the town.  Some would even say the cornerstone.  We get so many just passing through, to have an established community started to make us think we could make something outta this place."  He takes a long, deep breath.
"Shoulda figured it was too good to be true.  Those missing children.  Only happened for a short time, and stopped when Bellatrix went away.  They coulda been planning that for a while.  I bet Bellatrix might even have more to say on the subject, but she's scarred from the experience.  Surprised to even see her in town.  Horrible what we did to her, accused her of.  I'm rambling, but the bottom line is this - we had no idea they were witches or magicians or whatever they are.  We had no idea they were rotting this town from the inside out.  And wherever they are now, well they can just get going straight to hell, because if they ever come back to Oakhurst again...  We're going to have ourselves a mighty fine bonfire that night, I can tell you that."
Vam looks up and shakes his head.  "You gentlemen be careful if you go searchin' for trouble.  These women... they're insidious.  If they could be right next to us for so long and us not know anything?  They're capable of anything."
Vam ponders for a moment, trying to think back to anything he can remember that can help you.
His eyes widen and he opens his mouth in astonishment.
"I can't believe I didn't see it before."  He looks at the both of you.
"Bazad.  Bazad was acting real strange, right?  Like he was hiding something.  He was on the Council too, and I just keep recalling that most of the votes, he went along with nearly everything Hozieh said.  Even if it didn't make sense, he was always...  I haven't thought about those kids in the yard for such a long time, but...  I think...  Guys, I think Bazad was their brother."
Vam shrugs, then nods.  Heston pipes up, gruff voice sounding like gravel being ground, "I can track just 'bout anythin'.  There's no trail on the one that got away.  The tunnels are being repaired by some folks from the town, but I'd say you could follow them, if you can find a way down into one.  Looks like they head south."
Vam adds, "That's the direction of the old Muhlen place.  You can catch the river south of here and follow it a few miles southeast.  Their place is about two hundred yards from the river, 'bout ten, fifteen miles down as the river flows."
*Maouleue looks up at Dieter slightly reproachfully, but obliges.*
"You bet!"  He whistles over to the farm hands, but Heston pats him on the shoulder.
"Vam's good with you pickin' what you need.  Oh, and I wanted to ask you guys somethin'..."  He trails off, looking a little sheepish.
"No, it's just...  I could use that snake skin for so many different things.  I was hoping I could use some of it.  Not all, mind ye.  Just wanted to try my hand at a few things.  Some boots, a vest, maybe some leather armor or something padded-like?   I unnerstand if you guys wanted to sell it or something..."
*Dieter smiles wrily.*
He looks at you expectantly.
*Dieter sizes up the Clydesdale and Maouelue runs his fingers over the ashen beauty of the Criollo.*
He looks giddy, which is an odd look for a cowboy.
"Ah, thanks so much!  I'll get going on that right away.  Pointy hat, jerkin, and bracers.  Got it!"  He tips his hat and run-shuffles away.
*The heroes smile after him fondly then lead their chosen steeds out of the paddock, heading back over to Vam to give their thanks.*
Vam turns from cleaning the breakfast, putting out the cookfire.   He says, "...  When I was a kid, my pa used to tell me a scary tale of the Baba Yaga.  Ever hear of it?"
*The two mages shake their heads and listen intently.*
"Well...  She's the witch of all witches.  Had scads of children, some famous wizards in their own right.  If you can bring back those two, alive, or something close to it, I want to ask them a question.  If you can't bring them back, ask them this question for me - Is it true that the Yaga still lives?  I'd be forever in your debt if you find the answer to that question, gentlemen."  He nods, solemnly.
"Oh, and be careful of that Criollo.  Her name's Ashpeak.  And she likes to bite."  He smiles.
Maouelue repeats, "Ashpeak...steady girl..."
She calmly looks back at the wizards.  And whinnies.
*Dieter and Maouelue secure their posessions and mount the two horses, heading South toward the manor.*
The adventurous adventurers head south from the Stuniz ranch, steering their new mounts with great ease and ability.  (Animal handing, just for fun.  Advantage for both.)




The horses listen to the two adventurers...  for the most part.  A few miles into the trip, you come to a river.  It's about 60 feet across, and the water level looks fairly deep.  It's a dark blue, moving well so the bottom is decently obscured.  That being said, you have already seem some fish darting about, occasionally one jumps out of the water.
