strange-tensionThe suits of armor do not make a sound as the metal mage lumbers through the corridor, the loud *clack* of his amigo's hooves bouncing around the room.  A right turn at the end of the hall leads to another corridor running E, ending in a right turn.  Midway down, a left 90 degree turn leads into a fog-shrouded room.  Not much can be seen from the entrance to this room, and no noise greets the pair as they approach.
Maouelue gets a little dirt off his shoulder and begins to weave, swirling the fog around the room and sucking it into a vortex where it dissipates at the center.

Appearing in the middle of the cleared room is another block of ice, identical to the others.  No frost coats the walls or floors here, this room is rough stone bricks, as that of a castle.  The temperature of this room is very nearly pleasant.
The Dragon Mage steps forward, now expecting another place to put his hand.
Maouelue reaches forward, placing his hand on the ice block.  The fog reappears around him slowly, emerging from the ground.  Then he notices the block is no longer in front of him...  and that the fog is swirling around.  The swirls become small eddies, combining, colliding into each other.  In mere moments, the mage finds himself in a vast open space surrounded by five fog elementals!  (Before initiative, please give me a perception check!)

There doesn't look to be a way out, at least from your vantage point currently.  The elementals are intimidating, but they are not (as of yet) acting aggressively.
“Children of the fog, I am the true ancestor of Albrek. I am here to complete the trials and take my rightful place in this realm. Would you help or hinder this cause?”


They don't speak, but you get the distinct sense that this is one of the tests.  Simple fog-enshrouded weapons appear at each of their sides, and they move into a semi-circle position around the Dragon Mage.  Their red eyes flare momentarily, but they make no response.
Maouelue lays down his weapons and sits down in lotus position. He closes his eyes and begins breathing slowly. He says only this, "Discretion."


The fog monsters dissipate and start to coalesce around the meditating mage.  Maouelue feels a pressure building at his nostrils, as if the fog were trying to get in.  He is focused on his breathing, but he holds, contemplating what to do next.  (Breathing in?)
He releases hold of his corporeal self, breathing in the fog and meditating on *becoming* the water, the vapor, the frost, the ice.
The first breath in sends his inner vision blurring through time and space; stars and constellations, planets and their moons, all race by, filling him with awe.  The material world peels away, and after a few more deep breaths, all that exists is fog.  Vapor.  Ether.  

The ether forms into a humanoid body, coalesces more into a perfect copy of Maouelue.  It approaches and sits, cross-legged, right in front of the real mage, looking at him serenely.  

"Congratulations, Maouelue.  You have passed the test of peace.  This used to be the penultimate lesson for the dragon mark.  However, the test has been corrupted, Dragon Mage.  Not the whole test, just the ending.  The Prince and his cohort have used their influence to degrade and denigrate the process.  It now does not yield what you think.  It has a solution for you, but it is not what you were hoping for.  The dragon mark is not earned.  It is bestowed.  However, if you are able to defeat the Pale Prince, there might be a way to receive your boon.  Keep on the path, wizard.  You are so close to the conclusion of your quest."

With that, he disappears, and Maouelue finds himself back with the block of ice.
“The test of peace, defiled. Yes, that sounds just like what I have heard of this charlatan Prince. I feel sorry for him... If I must be his end... *sigh*... so be it. Though, perhaps ‘defeat’ need not mean death...more death.” With a heaving expulsion of breath, the mage comes to and re-acclimated himself to his surroundings.
The silence is absolute.
A sullen, frosted voice sounds in Maouelue's ear, saying softly, *"That was...  unfortunate.  I was so hoping to meet you without any...  interference.  You are more capable than I presumed.  Find me, if you can.  I'm not far away.  And neither are your friends."*
Maouelue starts a moment at the proximity of the voice, but doesn’t give in to looking. He takes a steely breath and considers this latest riddle.
He stands back up slowly and pats his amigo on the hindquarters. He leads back down out to the corridor and turns left to inspect the end of the hallway.
Moving around the corner, Maouelue almost has a heart attack when he sees an enormous frost giant in the middle of the room!
Then he notices the pedestal and that the being is lifted off of the floor by a foot or so, making him more imposing than usual.
The being is either dead and stuffed, or under some type of spell.  He's almost completely frosted over, but that might just be how frost giants look.  He is in full regalia, too - full giant armor and holding a gigantic shield and spear.  There is also a closed door on the E side of the room.
He backs away slowly, not quite ready to there...yet. He heads back around through the armor room and hangs a Lumao at the junction, inspecting the space to the East.
