strange-tension"Rat bastard.  Created a whole business with those coins.  Traded with 'em, built a merchant empire...  No doubt if you head back to the sea, you'll maybe see a few pass through your pockets.  And people are none the wiser.  Not to say they aren't really what they seem, I guess.  But with all of that power, all of that magical acumen, what does he do?  Swindle and rob.  Great legacy, eh?  Now you know why I'd've just traded in the Runemark magic when it passed to me.  Who knows what would've happened if my sisters or brother would've gotten it, though.  Maybe it's for the best."
He shrugs and meanders off to look at the 'metal' door.
"Anyway, there's a story in my family that a huge trove of real treasure is buried on the sea.  Under that guise, I hired a crew and sailed the Sea myself, kinda tryin' to find the treasure island...  but really, I was shootin' fer a way back to the isle of the giants...  And I found it!  When I got there, only a few giants were left, actually.  There was a small tribe of about seven or eight, and no youngins.  Their magic was still strong, though, and so I tried to barter with them for the magical knowledge.  They had heard about my father, and since that time have never offered their magics up to 'off-landers', they said.  I told them I understood, but since I was there, since I actually found the place, I wasn't going back empty handed.  They were unwilling to leave the island, even though it looked like they would be extinct in a matter of time.  I offered to bring more of their kind to the island, which they took to immediately.
"So, that's how I became a giant runner.  At first, I would go out with a crew of adventurers - mercenaries, really - and we would capture giants and relocate them to the island.  That only worked two times.  The first one was pretty stupid, so he took to the relocation fine, but the second...  was a fighter!  Almost killed the whole crew when he woke up mid-trip!  We got it into our heads that we could find giants and let them know about the solitary island, and that worked much better.  And eventually, as the tribe grew, they offered me my reward...
He pulls up his shirt to show a large runic tattoo laced around his back that goes around his side and travels up to his shoulders.
"They wouldn't tell me what it does, but I've been dyin' to know!  They said if I came back with more of their kinfolk, they would share the meanings of some of them.  Matter of fact, I was tryin' to find some when I ran into this craziness with my brother creating the 'Runemark Army' and taking over the local areas.  Not sure if I'm going to make it out of this, but if I do...  Maybe I'll just find a wizard to tell me what these things mean.  But there's no way I'm going back to the water, not any more.  Got a bad feeling about all of it.  Feels like tempting fate if I were to sail again."
Dieter stands still a long while soaking this in. His minds eye floats outward across Mount Hotenow passing the Sword Coast and out to the Trackless Sea and boarding a Northbound ship. Cold winds pull harshly across patchy stubble as the winds of Winter whisper in early. Off in the distance, somewhere through an icy mist, a land of deep magic and mysterious creatures…

His gaze returns to the room and Jaecob then down to the tattoo. He chuckles a bit and says, “Thought you’d go back and do the thing *properly*, huh?”
"Maybe.  Maybe I was just hoping for more...  just, more.  More than my father.  Rat bastard.  Thing is, I received the Runemark legacy as we were coming back into port; Luskan actually, and...  well...  A part of me knows what my tattoo *could* do...  I think.  It's complicated.  But I can use some giant runes, I just...  don't know how I do them.  Does that make any sense?  Sometimes...  I think I'm crazy, ya know?"
"Yeah, I'm probably crazy."
“Friend, this whole damned world is crazy. But you’re the one I’ve got right here and  now and I’m none to judge. I’ve…made my choices in life…” something dark seems to swim across Dieter’s eyes as he says this. There is a sadness there that Jaecob hadn’t marked before. 
“Anyway, maybe you could do something with this here stumper. Perhaps those runes will come of use as we try to unwind the dread knot your father has tied us all into.”
"Hope so.  Not sure about everything down here, it seems like a whole new world.  Makes me wonder what he actually got hisself into.  Like, the agreement with the Yuan-ti to ressurect the Great World Serpent is one thing, but these guys...  that *thing* that was torn apart in the chamber...  Not sure what to do with all this information, eh?"
"Like this door.  These markings are totally foreign.  Do you recognize them?  Maybe from my father's crazy book?"
Dieter thinks back to the book, it's writing coherent at first, but then deteriorating to the scrawl of a madman. *Do I? Do I remember?*
Dieter searches his trusty bag for his book storage area and while rooting around finds a few flecks or rotten snake hide from so long ago. He smiles, nostalgically thinking about Vam and Heston, then turns his attention back to the matter at hand. He finds the tome and pulls it out, rereading and scanning for any passages that might speak of this.

The writing around the door elude to something being needed to press to the rectangle on the door, some type of biological agent that is required to gain access to the secret within.
“Do you suppose a Giant’s cock is squared like this?” Dieter half-jests to Jaecob, not one hundred percent sure he want to know the answer.
