strange-tensionThe eladrin suggested that he would destroy it, or even return it to the gods.  The smaller man asked Aefir how much he knew about the item, to which the eladrin replied that he could not see into it's depths.  Yet, he knew it to be a powerful artifact.  The smaller red man smiled, informing the elf that he, and the bigger man, could let him know many hidden secrets of the item, if only he would allow them to view it.  At this time, Aeneir, the sage brother of Aefir, stepped in and warned the young warrior against divulging the item to unknown persons.  Aefir suggested that they would get farther with discovering what the artifact could do with help.  They might never find the true powers of the item without help.  Aeneir, as he was wont to do, bowed out of the conversation and allowed Aefir to do what he would, the choice was his to make.  

Mentally struggling, the young elf took a deep breath and nodded his head at the small red man.  A large smile came across the red man as the small item was placed on the ground between them.  Aefir bade them to instruct a to the ways of the artifact.  The small red man approached, eyes wide.  

As he reached out and touched the object, there was a bright flash and a deafening boom.  The eladrin raised his shield, covering himself and his brother.  The behemoth cried out in surprise.  When the dust settled, the artifact still stood on the ground, the behemoth was looking on the scene in awe.  The brothers were safe, however Aefir quickly dropped his shield as it was burning his arm.  The large, red skinned man turned and disappeared, leaving his laughter echoing after him.  The warrior eladrin took out his sword and prodded the shield, finally turning it over.  On the front was the face of the small red skinned man, surrounded by scenes of the utmost hell.  As the brothers watched more, the face was twisted and finally morphed into the rest of the background, leaving the shield a scary, horned mess of it's former self.
@CasualT ^
“Poor sod. Never dance with the devil in the pale moonlight.”

From what Dieter can tell, gleaning some words he might have heard Maouelue use, the front page is a description of the book, which heavily suggests these are just children's stories, nothing is to be taken literally.  The back pages, however, are some higher concept, philosophical writing about the nature of these folk stories and their possible truth.  Most are notes written by someone who has been trying to find the source of these fables.
Dieter commits this all to memory, and his pockets, as he stows the book in his pack. His sinews a bit achey as he arises, the impetuous druid lets out a yawn now a yelp now a growl, startling the others into stirring from their slumbers.
Flayco burps.
Shelli schlurps.
and Jaecob...
well, let's just let sleeping dogs lie.
After a few reorientating moments, the crew takes some time to survey the scene and decide on the next course of action.
The room is just as the group had found it - surgical table with rotting mind flayer on it, books and supplies everywhere.  There are a couple chests and cabinets around the room, all closed.  The doors to the vault have remained solid through their slumber.  The downside of that, though...  they're completely sound-proof.  Good for hiding.  Bad for knowing what's been happening on the other side of the wall...
The group exchanges a few dark looks and Dieter mentions that it might be a good time to check over his spells while Jaecob loots the cabinets.

The first chest Jaecob lifts on emits a gas of green smoke that smells of rotten flesh, backing him up (but not hurting him at all).  The smell quickly fills the room.  (Constitution saves for everyone, please!)

Inside are broken glass jars.  They used to house what look to be bits of flesh or maybe organs of some kind, but all have given way to decay.  Green slime and even a few mold patches cover the inside of the chest.

Jaecob goes to open a few more chests and drawers, finding more of the same, and some mundane items - quills, parchment, leather for binding, a wax sealer with a block of black sealing wax.  One of the drawers has a small coffer box containing 58 gold and 18 silver.
"Thanks Jaecob, you can just put that right here." Dieter gestures to his pouch. "I'll just be another few minutes."



@Russell
Rolling 2 iterations...
1d20 (3) = `3`
1d20 (3) = `3`
6 total.
not sure about flayco

Shelli and Flayco both vomit in their respective corners.  Dieter and Jaecob smell and watch, none of this is affecting them in the slightest.



The others begin to stir as Dieter, lost in his thoughts, has begun to unwittingly read aloud.
The waking grunts from the menagerie break his concentration and after a moment of confusion, he smiles warmly at the lot of them.
"Sorry, I lost myself for a bit there. I'm thinking about spells, you see...."

*Blank stares greet this proclamation.*


A gaggle of eyeballs and tentacles look on in obfuscated amusement and curiosity.
The stone rolls smoothly away from the group, letting the fog escape into the pit room.  Sqeaks and squeals can be heard beyond the moving doors, along with a few *oohs* and *aahs*.  A low chittering is heard underneath the low din, and as the fog billows then starts to clear, miniature dragon-men are standing, staring at the newcomers from the portal in the wall.  (Nature check for what they are.  Does anyone speak undercommon by chance?)


They are, in fact, kobolds, but they're not exactly like the textbook variety.  These are paler, and they're not speaking draconic or common.
Dieter produces a small flame and sets it at the back of the chamber so as to produce a backlight for the fog, making their entrance appear almost divine. Jaecob heaves again at the doors and Dieter steps out holding this bladestaff aloft with two hands in the air.

The creatures look upon the image in awe, mouths agape, some drooling.  They stop what they're doing to watch the rock bards magically emerging from their hole in the wall.  A few sacks hit the floor, spilling their contents.  This breaks the creatures from their awestruck attention on the party, some start scrabbling to return the items back to the bags.
"Prepare ye the way of the horde."
*Dieter gets into the mood of the thing.*
A few start to goggle at the group whilst the rest try to pack up their bags.  One does and quickly throws himself off of the edge of the pit, into the darkness below!
"Stay yourselves! Throw yourselves not into the Abyss! You may still redeem yourselves! Come look upon the horde and prosper!"

A few more jump down the hole, but the rest patiently await your commands.
As the last one drops down the hole, a few moments pass.  Then a rumbling from the bottom of the pit greets the party.
“Oh dear, didn’t we deal with it properly?” Dieter posits aside to Jaecob.
