strange-tensionIt is not your turn.
Daran sprints after the monstrosity.  Seeing it stop and then run directly at the tree, the half-elf gets an idea...

He jumps on a branch and uses it to crawl up the thing's back.  It doesn't look particularly pretty, but it gets the job done.  Standing on the beast's back, Daran tries to sever it's spine.

It doesn't find spine, but it finds an artery.  Blood splays out in sheets, coating Daran and the tree in great gouts of blood and ichor.

The thing reaches behind his back and grabs Daran.  Squeezing him, he throws him bodily across the field  The half-elf hits the base of a tree and crumples.  The giant roars with approval.
The woman elf screams and attacks the giant.  The leader is still having trouble getting up.  Suddenly, an old woman appears before him and gives him a vial of something to drink.

The woman's bow breaks with a *sproing*.  She throws it across the forest floor, rushes to pick up Daran's bow, and then rushes to the half-elf.
Startled at seeing his companion and guide flung so callously to the thicket, a surge of magic courses through Maouelue's fingertips.

Ping. Ping. Ping. The purple bolts of light speed toward their mark, burying themselves in thick hide.
And yet the balls continue to get frostier.

"Enough!," Cries the blood witch, ready to bring this fracas to an end.

||*"What are these passions, now unsuppressed, __maiden__?"*||
A dark voice rings in Bellatrix's mind.

Her confidence wavering at the arousal of *this voice* in *this place* Bella's breath shudders. She tries to regain calm and finish the job at hand with the last remnants of her constitution.

She withers....
Its as if the very fabric of this plane rejects the presence of the Blood Witch's uncouth magics here. Unseen hands slap at her every move as she struggles to conjure anything else to end this dread encounter.
She tries a final blast, with the last of her energies.

From somewhere *deep* within, a cherished yet incredibly private memory, a source of power, rushes to her defense in this critical state. Life and Death seem to swing wildly out of balance as the magic flies!
As she begins to faint from the exhaustion of her soul power, she performs the faintest trace of her dance, falling to the ground as she implores the idiotic giant one last time to run its head into the nearest hardest object.
She falls to the ground, and as she does so, a darkness covers her.  It has never been seen in this land, and might never be seen again.  It covers her, clings to her *swallows* her, until she is cradled in a black pillow of negative energy in the middle of this beatific forest.  A growl emerges from the depths, the eladrin cover their ears.  The old woman leaning down to administer aid to the eladrin leader smiles widely.
The blackness contorts and morphs, bubbling up into a massive undead dragon.  It towers over the dazed giant.  It opens it's mouth and lets out a scream that shakes the foundation of the Feywild.  In one fell move, it dives upon the giant, eating it whole, and it continues to drive into the soil, the peaceful ground.  The darkness piles deeper, deeper, deeper into the ground, screaming the whole time.
Finally, the tail of the monster flows into the forest floor, then...  silence.  And nothing mars the leaf-strewn ground.  Bellatrix lay at the center of the trauma, sleeping peacefully.
Slowly, the normal sounds of the forest return.  The bright colors blossom into clearer view again.  The forest seems to *breathe* again.  The female eladrin is hovering over a semi-conscious Daran.  The old woman is bandaging the elven leader.  The giants start to collect small insects.  Unlike the material world, though, these go about their business with a precision and grace.
In a matter of minutes, the great giants are bones left to bleach in the mottled sun that streams through the trees.  Again, an almost sun-set.
All are staring at Bellatrix, each other, the area around them in strange amalgam of horror and relief.
Maouelue rises to his feet and solemnly walks over to the witch. He looks deep into her eyes as he kneels and offers his hand in assistance.
“That was quite a show of force my lady.” he whispers.
She rises, shyly.  Gingerly.  "Thank you, kind wizard."  (Perception or insight check, please!)

The Dragon Mage can't tell specifically, but something seems off about Bellatrix.
She smiles demurely and then hastens to her sister, administering to the elven group leader.
His eyes follow her retreat and linger a moment, nonplussed.
He turns back to the spot where the dread dragon had plummeted into the earth. He rests his palms on the ground, eyes closed, feeling...

Maouelue checks the area but it is crystal clear of arcana.  Which is strange, because what you just saw was full of magic.  Or something of the like.
Perplexed but saying nothing, Maouelue moves back to join with the eladrin and the others. He walks up to them, deferentially.
