strange-tension"Queen Titania and King Oberon, I present Maouelue the Mage, Daran the Ranger, and Bellatrix the Wizardess, three being from the material plane, come to honor your highnesses."  She bows as before in the forest.  Daran and Bellatrix follow suit.
Maouelue joins in the protocol gratefully, but skips a beat as he realizes for the first time that he doesn’t see the Sister. *Where has she gone?* He wonders. His attentions returning, he follows Otirnis’ lead.

The Queen atop the dais nods to King Oberon, and he starts in giving a grand welcome.  In Maouelue's mind, however, he hears a light, flowery female voice.  "Do not be afraid, dear cousin.  Bella's sister is safe and well in her rooms here in Castle Starlight."  A smiling Queen Titania looks at Maouelue from her throne.
Maouelue reaches out with his feelings, trying to test the limits of this connection, maintaining eye contact with Titania throughout. 
||”Thank you for the hospitality and for assuaging my fears. I have read tome after long tome about the majesties of the star children. To be here in this moment is my greatest honor. May I be worthy of these hallowed halls in the end.”||
She nods, smiling.  King Oberon continues, and ends with a flourish.  There is polite clapping, he sits down, pride exuding from him.  The Queen gives him a wry smile.  She stands to address the group.
Maouelue casts a sideways glance at Bellatrix to see, among other things, whether she had a similar experience.
"You all are most welcome here in the shining halls of our Castle Starlight.  We greatly appreciate your aid to our lands, and we sincerely hope there is more aid to offer, from both sides.  I look forward to hearing more of who our heroes are and what we can do to aid you in your fight.  Let us remove to our planning room.  I would hear more from each of you, if you please."
She was walking down the dais, and, in making the last statement, hits the main floor.  She waves the group over to a side room, and leads them to a beautifully decorated, catered room.  Food lines the wall and are piled on the table.
Maouelue gives Bella a look, she looks back questioningly at him.
Seeing her lack of understanding at his look, he quickly pivots to gesture to the grandeur of the Castle in all its glory, and that food...it is now that Maouelue realized he hasn’t *properly* eaten in weeks, if he could trust time anymore...the delicate spread takes over his conscience as they are led to the  reception.
The full opaque crystal doors are drawn wide, showing an expansive room.  Not quite as large as the throne room, it's centerpiece is a massive transparent table, ovoid with many embellished chairs in the elven design.  On the table are varied stands of dried and fresh fruits, nuts, and light breads.  Large platinum ewers decorate the table with what looks to be wine.  Tables are set up along the sides of the main meeting space.  These are piles high with dishes both exotic and breathtaking.  Platinum bowls and serving plates hold tremendous amounts of delicacies.  There is a roasted bird about the size of two turkeys at the center, flanked by pink fish with a fiery sauce, greens and exotic-colored vegetables, stuffed pastries, and odd round objects covered in white shavings.  Flowers abound, mixing with the spicy and sweet aromas of the food.  The Queen says, "Eat, drink, be merry.  We will talk while we enjoy our heroes feast!"
Servants stand at attention for anyone who needs assistance.  Several cellerars are standing in wait with drinks, if the table wine is not wanted.  The Queens and King stride through, picking at the table foods and finding their seats at the table's head.
Moments later, the old woman is brought down and she and Bellatrix have a happy reunion.
Maouelue assembles a plate with perhaps a bit less decorum than he might have wished, were he not *quite* so hungry. He is still agog with the wonder of this realm, regardless of the troubles it had already caused his party. He sits down on the left side of the King and Queen, offering Bellatrix a seat next to him at the table and calling for wine.
The wine is poured by a lithe and sensual female summer eladrin that gives Maouelue a secret wink.  The smells of the food almost overwhelm him.  The wine is ruby hued, with flecks of gold fluttering within.  The food not only lifts the mages spirit, it gives him an undeniable feeling of hope and resurgence.  Akin to the feeling he had when first he came to the Feywild.  Daran and the others are similarly taken with the meal and the ambience.
