strange-tensionSeeing the peril they are all in, Maouelue scarpers his plans of getting any rest right now. He looks at the tree, hopeful, yet cautious. He seeks to quickly but carefully take a cutting from one of the livelier branches with a thought to graft it later, hopefully saving the majestic giant in one way or another. He then moves to take a cursory look at the trap door, pulling it up.
It *CRACKS* from long being iced over.  (Roll 2 d100s please!)
@Russell
Rolling 2 iterations...
1d100 (48) = `48`
1d100 (41) = `41`
89 total.
Within the space inside the base, three items can be seen.  A small keg gilded in gold, a large book that looks to be made of pure ice, and a small, round ball of ice, perfectly spheroid.

~~(It doesn't sound familiar, but that must have been crazy!  The roof of Varner?)~~
Somewhat nonplussed by the curious objects, he takes a brief moment to stow them in his Bag of Holding ™️ and prays that the ice doesn’t melt too readily. 

“Come on Jerry, back up the well...”

He leads the ramshackle crew back into the fallen prince’s lair. Stepping to the dark gem, he wields the Mace of Reduction.

He takes a warmup swing.

He tentatively bats at the gem, perhaps not fully committed with his party in this state.
Shaking himself off, he lines up again.

Something is not right about all this. Perhaps a different approach...
He steps back several paces, setting down the mace. This time, he pulls out the Shield of Disruption, projecting it before himself and bracing with both gauntlets, he charges at the black gem!
“This is the toughest thing I’ve fought all day!”
He sets the shield down next to the mace and pulls out his bow, stepping back now to the precipice of the stairs.

The arrow flies true, hitting the gem directly in its core.
It was a perfect shot, and the arrow strikes true at the heart of the gem.  The arrowhead marks the gem, but that's all.  It still stands whole.
Maouelue checks his surroundings, judging how long he might have before the whole place collapses.

It's hard to tell.  Cracks are appearing in the walls and floors.  The shaking isn't severe yet.
“We’ll have to chance it. Bella, Benna, let us rest here awhile, I must see to something. Be ready to go quickly if we need.” 

With this, he digs through his pack, eventually pulling out the tome The Vale of Long Night he had bought from Nuala. He remembers something about the Prince’s defeat being mentioned in the text and seeks now his customary mode of finding information. Flipping through the pages, a warmth comes over him as he realizes he has subverted Shi’Veilan’s supposition regarding his outcome. Perhaps this was a sign that his other tidings were fallacy as well. He reads on, thinking subconsciously of his father...master. He must research more...


Things race through Maouelue's mind, crowding in on his emotions and causing him to have to reread section. Finally, he closes his eyes, takes a deep breath, and thinks on his family.  Dysfunctional as it is, he has people to call 'family' now.  Bolstered by this newfound thought, he opens his eyes to start again...  and immediately finds something.
There is said to be an onyx black stone called chardalyn that is mined in and around the cold caves of Icewind Dale.  The gem was considered useless for a long time, until mages found it had magical properties.  A hand sized sample can go for over 20,000 gold, so the piece in front of Maouelue is probably worth 1,000 times that.  

Usually this material is brittle, but something has strengthened this sample.  More than likely to keep it's secrets intact.  The best way to go about finding out what spell is being stored in any shard of chardalyn (for that is what they're known for) would be Detect Magic.  Barring that, Identify would be another good route.  If one would rather destroy the piece, overloading it with magic should be considered.

There are two pieces of magic on the giant chardalyn shard.  First is an abjuration spell focusing on shielding.  The second, deeper seated one is a teleportation spell.  The gem exudes the abjuration, but the other is more internal.
(Gonna pause there for tonight.  Great game, sir, as always!!)
“If there’s time, this just might work...,” Maouelue loosens his ice boots and hopes for the best. He slips back into his jumping shoes, but doesn’t attune to them. Instead he brings over the Shield of Disruption 🛡️ and begins chanting over it, binding with it.




Maouleue stands up, brushes some icy dust off his shoulders, and picks up the shield, moving once again to the top of the stairs. “Patron, guide me!” He shouts as he charges once again at the gem.

“For the good of the realm!” He runs shouting as a blue-red ward starts to shine around platinum the dragon crest upon his shield.
He smashes into it!
The Dragon Mage revs up and roars while he charges the black stone.  Bracing for the impact, Maouelue clenches his teeth as he runs headlong, his Bahamut insignia leading the way...
(d100, please!)
Maouelue braces for an impact that doesn't happen.  Instead, a squeezing pressure surrounds him, threatens to crush him, then...   *pop*  he appears in a stone room...
The emaciated Prince had very little on him.  The robes he was wrapped in are silken, extremely well made, and magical.  He wears a small earring as well, a small hoop of silvery metal, in his left ear.
