strange-tensionMao tucks himself into the well on his left making way for the elk to once again batter the knight.

It is not your turn.
The frost and ice has completely melted away from the creature, leaving a metal husk and charred...  something beneath.





Maouelue ducks and weaves trying to catch the gaps in the demon armor, but to no avail.
"MBBLleleeleeeeaaaaaahhhhhh"

The bleating mammal also fails to find its mark.

The thing, missing bits of it's armor because of the flames and hooves, snarls at the giant elk, who also doesn't look too great.
Maouelue breathes words of healing into the elk....


He speaks the words over and over until they mend the Elk just enough.



"Die Fiend!"
The elk lunges with another pounding hoof attack, bolstered by the bolting holy attack.

"HmmmmeeeeEEEAAAAAhhhhh!!!!!!"
It is not your turn.
Barely holding on, the armor stumbles to take possibly one last attack...

"Blllleeeeeeeeeeaaaat!!!"
It shakes it's head, thinking that would have ended the beast.  It sees it's fate...
Mao swirls on the spot and takes out the Blade of the Mists aiming for the gorget of the hell-knight.

Swirling round, he sends his last frosty ball flying

All melee efforts failing, he implores the elk forward for a crushing blow.

"GGGGGHhhhrrrrreeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee!!!!" exclaims the furry fey.
"Bahamut take me! That was a dread foe indeed, though his aim be not so true... Now I know how all my opponents feel!" He forgives himself a relieved chuckle.
HE1 removed from combat.
Slightly fearful at the potential of what could lie beyond this hall of armor, he grabs hold of the elk's antlers and pushes his hand onto the mark.
[1800 xp]



Maouelue is whisked away to a vast, open field of grass.  In front of him is a giant wall, over eight feet tall.  Just in front of the wall are five beings, what looks to be a dwarf, a halfling, a gnome, a human, and a dragonborn.  The dragonborn can reach up and touch the top of the wall, while the gnome is well away from the top.  There are shouts coming from the other side of the wall, clamoring for aid.  The five are in a frenzy about how to scale the wall.  The halfling sees you, runs over, and says, *"Hey mister, we're sure glad to see you.  Our families are on the other side of that wall, we need to get to them quick - do you think you can help us?"*
"Dragonborn, you flank the wall, followed by the human; forgive me, I do not yet know your names, but we can deal with the pleasantries later. Master dwarf, you come next followed by the halfling and gnome respectively. Thus you shall form the fellowship of the staircase and scale yourselves up. Human, toss the dwarf if you have to, dragonborn, cradle your hands as a step and your shoulders to boot. The lot of you should be able to hoist the dragonborn thereafter, and if naught else I can provide a push. May these tactics lead you to those who call for aid, and may you provide it well and willingly.
The group does as you say, lining up against the wall.  (Mechanics - group strength checks for everyone to get up and over, then to pull the dragonborn up.  Soo...)

The gnome gets up on everyone easily enough.  The halfling is nimble enough to get up on the wall without too much aid as well.  The dwarf, however...  is a bit heftier!  
(First strength check is for the dwarf getting pulled/pushed up the humanoid stairs.  3 rolls, please!)
@Russell
Rolling 3 iterations...
1d20 (4) = `4`
1d20 (7) = `7`
1d20 (6) = `6`
17 total.
Everyone strains and tries as much as they possibly can, but nobody can lift the dwarf.  You see that, after a certain number of tries, the people fade away.  A few moments later, they reappear, huddled in a circle, discussing how to get over the wall.  The halfling notices you, comes over and says, "Hey mister..."
Maouelue chuckles to himself, “Alright, let’s see here...” He takes a closer look at the construction of the wall.
It's just a wall.  Too tall for a single person to get over, but just a standard stone wall.
Normal soil.
"Let us see, do you lot remember me from before?"
Maouelue gets blank stares.
"Right then...Master dwarf, how high can you jump?"
He jumps and gets about a foot off the ground.  Then shrugs, comically.
"Right...this will take a little time, but we'll get it sorted out."
[Rest to prepare a spell?]
"You all, take some time to acquaint yourselves with these whilst I meditate."







"Ok, here goes nothing..."
"Let's start with you master dwarf. Put these boots on..."
"We'll try this way first."

"So...let's see that jump again!"
With the boots and the spell, the dwarf jumps straight up to the wall and lands...
Somewhat gracefully at the top.  His left boot hits the edge, he slips... but catches himself at the last to kneel firmly on the top of the wall.  He reaches down and starts helping the others up again.  Soon it comes down to the human and the dragonborn.  (Plan for getting them over?)
"Ok now, lets pass those boots down!"


@Russell
Rolling 2 iterations...
1d20 (**1**) = `1`
1d20 (14) = `14`
15 total.
