strange-tensionDaran and Maouelue huddle together to try and fend off the remaining threats.  At the same time, the one lone goblin cannot control the wagon.  It careens into the black muck.
The goblin jumps off and takes...
He stands and rushes at the melee.  (Gets there next round.)


Daran is exhausted, both of his attacks miss the slavering duo.


Goblin Siege Weapon removed from combat.
More metal mashes mobs.


The malleated  Metal Mage, much maligned, manages to massacre many mobs, morosely melting into the moist moss a mess.
Daran, completely out of character for him, hugs Maouelue.
"Thank you, friend.  I thought I was dead and gone, there."
"I thought the same of myself! You've saved me YET AGAIN!," He fairly weeps in relief at his new friend."
Daran realizes they're on the edge of a devil bog, and he pulls Maouelue away a bit further.  After they move a safe distance away, he says, "What do you think happened to our eladrin friend?"
[3500 xp]

"I'm not sure...I heard him fleeing as I fell back there. Could be anywhere, though perhaps he will have taken vantage of our situation. Could have used a few spare arrows for that one though..."
Maouelue unstoppers a large red potion that the Sister had prepared for just such an occasion. "Drink up Daran. We'll need our strength about us. I've just reset, but am near depleted after that last fracas. We may do well to find somewhere to recover yet again, but first let us investigate."
He feels a sanguine relief flow through him, this time only spilling a few drops from his parched lips onto his plate mail, the cool blue metal seeming to drink in the red as it fades in to the iridescent sheen.
He heads over to the wreckage of the goblin cart to glean what he can about this horde, picking through the bodies and exploring the mechanism.
Casually he quaffs another cuppa.
"Aaaaaah, that does it," he remarks as the second large bottle of red disappears down the hatch.
Daran hands the vial back.  "I've got magics still to help with that, thank ye though."  He inspects the wagon with you, carefully.

The two watch as the crazy wagon weapon sinks into the mire.  It's about half in now, but Maouelue sees a couple packs on the back of the machine.  The smoke has stopped now, and a couple good dex or acrobatic checks could get you there and back with the packs.

Maouelue is a bit too heavy.  When he tries to jump, he lands a few feet from it, square in the black sludge.  (Con save and then dex save, please!)
Daran gets a rope out of his pack and quickly tosses it to the mage.


Maouelue grabs the rope and is whisked back to safety.  The wagon drops a few more feet.  Luckily, there were not ill effects from the sludge...  for the moment.  Daran holds up a finger, then gets ready to jump.




The ranger hops deftly over the bog in one go, grabs the two satchels.  But just as he's jumping back over, the goblin weapon lurches and throws of Daran's balance by just enough.  He lands just a couple feet shy of the edge of the bog.  Quickly, he standing-jumps out, but falls to his knees, clasping his head.

He shakes his head, stands, and hands the bags to Maouelue.  "If there's anything edible in there, I'd appreciate a bite and a rest."  He smiles at Maouelue.
“Eh, let’s see what kind of piss these goblins feats upon them...”

Maouelue inspects the packs carefully before opening, lest the goblins had something nasty in store...

The first bag is muddy and ill-kept.  It has pouches on the sides, but they are empty on inspection.  A thin flap of material covers the opening of the bag.  As Maouelue opens it, he finds some bits of hard tack and jerky.  Both smell a little stale, but edible.  At the bottom of the bag are a very nice set of bone dice.  Lastly, a platinum amulet with a strange symbol weighs the satchel down.
*Amulet Charm*
Maouelue tosses the rations over to Daran, stows the bone dice, then inspects the amulet further.

The other satchel has a pair of boots.  They do not look goblin made.  There's blood on the cuff of one of them.

After much contemplation on the necklace, Maouelue can't seem to place the symbol.  Daran is *very* thankful for the food.
The ground starts to rumble, out of nowhere.  Daran gives Maouelue a *not again* look, and takes up his bow.


"I think I might be too old for this..." says Daran as another moss-and-mud-streaked obelisk emerges from the forest floor 20ft from their location.  Immediately behind the two heroes, the black ooze starts moving their direction while the trees between them and the sludge start deteriorating fast.
"I fucking hate this place."


Elven reflexes honed from battle, the two sprint from standing and leap the last bit, just before the ooze reaches them.  

As they lie sprawled on the forest floor, panting, a tendril of goo reaches up, is met by more, and they combine to make a humanoid monstrosity covered in blinking eyes and popping sludge bubbles.
The *thing*  wobbles, quakes... then speaks.
In a voice that can only be described as gelatinous material being pushed through a sieve, the words roil out, attacking the heroes' senses.
