strange-tensionDieter smirks. It almost reminds him of joking around with Maouelue. 
"Why don't you take a look. You'll know these folks' habits better than I."

"Looks fine, here goes."  He pushes the door open...

*...for Flipper's sake!...*

A javelin emerges from the floor and spears the thief in the foot.  He hops through the door, slips on more blood on the floor, and falls prone.  In front of a pile of dead bodies, all in various states of decay.
There are two alternative exits to this room, wooden doors the same as the one Frume just went through.  Both are closed.
“You ok?”, Dieter asks as he gingerly steps over the trap and peers around the room, instinctively turning left.
"Sure, I'll be okay.  What the fuck is this?!"
“I’m glad Maouelue isn’t here to see this...”

There are many species and types of bodies in the pile.  As Dieter takes a closer look, he realizes that these bodies are missing skin and other parts as well.  There is a table in the far NW corner of the room.  Things are growing from several dishes and bowls.  The smell is awful; gag-inducing.
Dieter reluctantly takes a closer look at the table, holding his breath best he can.
At another time, Dieter would normally have spent hours pouring over the contents of this table.  It looks like experiments are being done with bodily fluids and different funguses and molds.  (Insight or Investigation for more.)

Whomever put this together was trying to grow certain foods and cultures from mixing bodily fluids with blood and water.  A couple are doing okay, but the rest have gone into putrescence.
He leaves the abominable table and heads to the south door checking it for traps.

When Dieter approaches the door, a sparkle of blue-green catches his eye.  There is a gem in the middle of the door, catching the light of their torch at odd angles.  Dieter can also sense Frume picking over the bodies, searching them.


It's tough to pinpoint, but you know it has something to do with conjuration magic.
"Frume, have you seen anything like this from the Runemark before?"
"No.  No idea what that is.  Want me to try to pick it out?"  He waggles a dagger.
"Hmm... let's test it out first before you lose that hand again. Dieter goes to grab a bit of something from the pile and throws it at the mark."
That really hits Frume's funny bone and he starts giggling.
Dieter grabs a spare foot, it *pops* off with a *squelch*.  He tosses the foot at the door.  It hits the gem.  A gross splotch is left on the gem and the door.
"Hmm...well I didn't really expect that to work." Dieter takes a Magic Stone and throws it at the gem.
The stone hits the gem and vanishes.  You hear a *clack* coming from the room you just came from.
"Frume, can you see what that was?"
He heads back, brings Dieter his stone seconds later.
"How strange. Here, go watch again while I throw."
The pair make to do just that.
The stone hits the gem square on, it disappears.  The *clack* comes from the other room again. 
"Shite, it just appeared out of nowhere!  That's amazing!"  He brings Dieter back his stone again.
"Ok one more time. Stand back and see where it comes from."
This time Dieter slightly inserts his dagger.
The dagger slides off the gem to the edge where it meets the door.
Dieter, bewildered, tries at the handle to open the door.
You disappear and reappear in the middle of the butcher room.
"..."  Frume stares at you, eyebrows raised.
"Well would you look at that! Maybe do try and pull that gem Frume. We could use something like that surely, if it will come out that is."
"On it!"  Frume sticks the dagger in the edge and pries.

"Ah.  This is sticking more than I thought.  You wanna give it a go?"
"Sure thing. Let's see how sharp this sickle is. Maybe if we each take a side..."
The two each take a blade and begin worrying away at the facets.

Frume kicks the door in frustration.  He disappears and reappears in the butcher room.  Dieter hears a muffled, "Fuck!"
"Ah the hell with it. Let's just move on." They head North, it being the leftmost remaining route.
The door opens with a squeak and squeal.  The musty room is filled with sacks, crates, and a few small barrels.  One is leaking in the back of the room, a puddle pooling beneath it.
They two give the provisions(?) a once-over.


Most of the bags are beans or grains, their freshness is in question.  Plus, all of the foodstuffs in here have been around the ill-smelling table maybe too long.  Dieter finds some jerky that might be okay.  Just as he turns to give some to Frume, he hears a skittering from the ceiling...
28
SW1 was added to combat with initiative 1d20 (9) + 1 = `10`.


"Ah shite, with these things!!"



As they drop from the ceiling, Frume tries swatting them from his face while Dieter slices with the sickle.  The group come up from everywhere, skittering on the walls and all over the two men.


The spiders start biting Frume, making him yell in frustration and pain.








You do not have permission to view this combatant's attacks.

They are relentlessly biting at the two heroes.


