strange-tension“I like you Daran. Thank you for opening yourself to me. Some day you can tell me why a traveler such as yourself would take one such as me on. I do think you have saved my life and Bahamut willing...Dieter’s too.”
He smiles.  "There has to be good out there in the world.  Gods know I've seen too much bad, so there has to be good out there.  We just have to find it.  We're well met, Lamao."
``` ```
The sound of scraping wakes him up.  A food tray with bread and some moldy cheese is slid under the door, letting sparse light in.  From what he can tell, he's in a medium sized cell; hard oaken door with iron bandings, a barred window and a section at the bottom of the door where food plates can be delivered.  The walls are rough stone, but everything smells damp and mildew-y here. 

 He is tied to a dilapidated, rotten wooden bedframe.  He's bound in iron shackles.  His pack and items have been taken from him.  He is not alone.  As his eyes adjust, the druid can see a humanoid-sized lump of something on the bed across from him.  Soft breathing can be heard and seen from the lump.  

The bed to his right has a man, sitting cross-legged, carving something.  The man twirls a toothpick in his mouth and hums softly as he works.
The first thing Dieter does is try to use his powers to turn into an animal.  He focuses...  and it's strange. Normally he can feel the warp and weave of the natural magic around him.  Now, he just feels the cold emptiness of dank, damp air.  He shivers.
*Shit. Shit shit shit! What am I going to do. Where the hell is Maouelue?... Shit. What a mess back there. And the henchmen! Uuuuugh. The hallucination, the battle, now this? Dear me...no magic...what is this foul darkness. After so long underground, a breath of light and air and trees....but now this. Sigh. Time to get down to it Dieter. We've got to figure a way out of this mess. Yes. Yes we do.*
Dieter quickly shuts his eyes, but leaves one half cracked open. He lies there trying to get his bearings without being noticed awake.
*Ssccchick* *Ssccchick* *Ssccchick*
Dieter blinks several times as his vision comes to. He takes in the carving main's appearance.
Frume stares back at you, whittling but not watching what he is doing.
A pall permeates Dieter's face. His core seems to turn to an anvil. There's no avoiding this now.
"So we meet again."
"Was wondering when you'd be waking, laddie.  Howse the body?  Anything broken?"
"Does *spirit* count?
He frowns, shrugs, thinks.  "No.  I suppose you thought you'd win that fight.  Hells be true, I thought you would as well.  Came through everything else.  Was hoping to have this conversation with the both of you boys, too, but here we are.  Don't think of it as a knock on your talents, lad.  That magus friend of yourn is...  he's a wily one!"
Frume stops carving, stands and stows the knife and wood.  He squats on his haunches next to you, like he's ready for a quiet conversation.   He motions to the shackles.  "May I?"
Dieter looks at him cautiously, questioningly.
"Just what is your role in all this?"
He smiles.  "At the moment?  Just trying to get these off'n ye."
Dieter nods in assent
The man smiles, reaches into his mouth, scratching the inside of his cheek with a thumb.  He pulls out a small jagged metal bit, and proceeds to unlock Dieter's bonds.  Once they're off, he sets them quietly on the floor, with a finger pressed against his lips in a, *Shhh* motion.
The continuously re-bewildered druid sets his bare feet down silently on the cold hard ground.
"So, when you boys didn't come quietly, the boss...  he didn't like that very much.  Sent me to keep old Culver company here.  He's been unconscious for awhile now, nothing I can do to wake him.  Funny thing about these old places," he steps to a dark corner of the cell.  He studies it a moment, then kicks out with a dirty boot.  A small section of the wall moves in, a flicker of light can be seen below.  "Secrets abound."  He smiles again at you. 

"Here's the thing.  There's going to be a guard coming down the way in a few.  They check up on us, but not always consistently.  My guess, if we wait for the next pass, then leave right after, we should get a good head start, eh?"

"Plus...  leaves us time to catch up."
"Aye. But...how do I know I can trust you? You say 'The Boss' like a joiner. Pardon my wariness, but...as you can imagine..."
"...my instinct to trust is a bit...riven."
"To be expected, to be expected for sure.  And you can't trust me.  Shouldn't trust me, I should say.  I don't work at causes, but I 'join' where the money is.  Or power.  Truthfully," he leans in, "I'm in it for the loot, lad!  I'd rather rob a thousand houses, crawl through a million forgotten dungeons, if I can find a lost artifact or ancient text.  Not that I can use any of that shite.  But they do fetch a pretty sum, to the right buyers."
"In an effort to be a bit more trustworthy, I should say *that's* the real reason I was down in those caves.  I'd been looking for that tomb for some time, now.  Got what we could, but I didn't find all of what the boss was after.  He's pissed about that, too.  Oh well.   What are ye gonna do, am I right?"
