strange-tensionThe door opens to a dark room.  Sparse cobwebs linger in the corners, moldy and tattered hempen bags are scattered on the floor, mostly congregating in the corners.  There is another wooden door on the W side of the room.


Dieter casts a quick glance at the bags to determine what they might be containing, but mostly keeps moving forward.
On a quick glance, there's nothing there.  Rotted grains, decrepit cloth.  The next door is slightly ajar.  It opens into a strange storage room.  It's narrow and ends in bags of grain piled up to the ceiling.  There is light coming through several open places throughout the makeshift wall, leading you both to believe there is something beyond it.
They begin baling the bags over to block up the door they just came in as they try to reveal what’s behind.
It takes a couple hours, the bags are heavier than they look, and the two are tired.  After the majority of them are moved off to the side, an alcove is presented.  Fresher (although not by much) bags and crates of vegetables and barley are packed into the W side of the room.  A handful of dried herbs hangs from the ceiling.  A barrel sits off to the side, a symbol of a boar's head emblazoned on it.  (Perception check, please, for general info.  Investigation for anything specific.)
Also, there is a door leading to the E.

Dieter considers the Boar’s Head symbol. Had he seen it somewhere before? He can’t be sure.

The two eat a bit of the fresh food while they take a moment to consider.
As Dieter opens the boar barrel, he happens upon salted pork jerky.  This also seems fairly fresh.
There also seems to be a slight breeze coming through the room.  The source might be coming from behind the crates and barrels.


While chewing on a guilty pleasure, Dieter tries to sniff out the source of the draft. He beckons to Frume to help him move the obstructions about to aid in the search.
"Looks like this is from the Dwarves!  Could be them up at Mithril Hall, or maybe up north in Ten-Towns, up Icewind Dale way.  Either way, the Dwarves know their salted meats!"
The heavy items are moved out of the way, and a trap door 3ft by 3ft, is at the base of the wall.  It's locked with a hefty padlock.  A dank, fetid smell comes through the rotted knots.
Dieter checks the sturdiness of the door itself.
He plies at the wood of the trap door with the edge of a shortsword.
The whole thing just crumbles, the wood is wet and pills in Dieter's hands.  As the wood falls away, red streaks are left on Dieter's fingers.  A furnace blast of decay and iron hit both noses, and bile immediately rises in their throats.  (Con save, please!)


Frume turns quickly so the pork doesn't come up, but Dieter... isn't so lucky.  The corner gets splashes while the smell seems to permeate everything.   A snarl comes from the newly uncovered tunnel.
Frume bends down to see if his torch can light up the length of the tunnel at all.  It only goes a few feet in.  Dried blood cakes the inside, giving the tunnel the look like the interior of some infernal beast.  Frume has a kerchief pulled over his nose and mouth, offers another to Dieter.  
"What say we board this damned portal up?"  A moaning comes from the other end in an ominous answer.
“What new devilry...”
Dieter pulls his blades out and lets out a low growl.
"Whoa, friend."  Frume starts looking for things to block up the tunnel.

He starts pulling grain bags over, slowly.
Dieter gathers himself and moves a barrel over on top of the trap.
Frume nods and helps him.  "That should do it.  I think."
He runs over to the door and rushes through it.
A hallway ends 20ft ahead, a small entrance to another room is on the right.
They bolt down the hallway away from the wretched retch and inspect the next room.
The duo heads down the hall, Frume pausing to slam the door closed.  He rushes after Dieter, the two turn the corner and are greeted with a very interesting sight.

The mucus looks sickly, and the body is sluggish, the eye stalks droop heavily.  It does not respond to your noise from the hallway.   The shell on it's back shimmers a rainbow of colors, even in the dim light of the room.  Even in it's somewhat emaciated condition, it's huge, and takes up the entire room.  Beyond it, the two adventurers can see another makeshift wall of grain bags.
Dieter studies the *beast's* form. He draws on his acute learnings of history and nature and melds them with his natural affinity to the amphibious. He feels something wild within him growing. What is the name of this new wonder of the shell?

Dieter taps into his druidic nature and comes up with the name "Flail Snail".  He knows that this creature can emit very bright light from it's shell, which it isn't doing at the moment.  The shell also emits an anti-magic shield, and some also have a bit of wild magic imbued.  Some sects of paladins strictly use shields made from the flail snail's shell because of the anti-magic properties it exhibits.  Dieter also gets a sense that this snail might be sick, all the signs point to either extreme exhaustion or illness.


Dieter feels the pain of this sick snail and searches the room for signs of manipulation and abuse of the poor being.
