strange-tensionMuhlen slips off the back of the giant snail shell.  Stretching his back and muscles, he looks around the room.  "Where are we?"
“The Sunless Citadel...”, Dieter almost *spits* the words as he hisses his derision for the labyrinthine fortress.
Muhlen does a double take, then goggles at the druid.  "The...  Did you just say we're in the Sunless Citadel?  ||Fucking bugger, he found it.||"  The last of his words fade into sibilant whispers, nearly unheard by Dieter.  Jaecob looks to Dieter. "We *have* to get out of this place, Dieter.  Besides my deranged brother's minions and the flayers, there are horrible abominations.  Like, from the Abysss abominations..."  He looks around, starting to get frantic.  His eyes alight on the illithi-dragon.  Softly, he whispers, "They could be anywhere."


As Dieter and Muhlen are talking, the druid hears a crackling, creaking sound from behind him.  Flayco is around the area you hear the noise coming from.

Dieter spins around on the spot.
The last vestages of the dead tree are creeping up on your dragon/illithid/puppy.

Dieter tries to send a blast of flame over to the tree, but for some reason his spell fizzles.
A branch reaches out and grabs onto the puppy-illithid, making it yelp.
A dark purple arm, longer than a humanoid arm is supposed to be, starts reaching from the edge of the pit towards...  (1-Dieter, 2-Jaecob)
||“Away fiend!”|| *Abyssal*
Jaecob grabs his head as Dieter speaks.

"Gods, I wish you wouldn't do that!" he says through clenched teeth.

Dieter can tell it's not an Abyssal creature, but it is not natural either.
The arm looks almost drow-like...
But it's too elongated to be a drow's.
Dieter's dark eyes seem to merge with the shadows from the abyss. Then...slowly...a light begins to form in his eyes, at first like a tiny pinprick in the void, then expanding with the tidal gravity of the moon. A silvery beam of light seems to emerge from the air and stone above, falling down as a beacon of ghostly radiance on the abominable tree.

Dieter pulls out the Staff of Baobab as he does this and holds it close in front of him between his eyes, feeling its energy of life pulsating inside him. He stands and awaits the fel reply.
The moonbeam hits the tree and it shrivels instantly, blown back by the blast.
Flayco jumps out of the way just in time to miss the beam.
"Uh... Dieter...  Might want to aim that beam over yonder..."  Jaecob points toward the arm which is now elongating across the room towards him.  He's backing away, trying to get out of the way of the disgusting sight.

The sword sticks into the arm, no blood emerges.  The laugh turns into a growl.  The arm lifts itself off the ground, somehow, and reaches out to Muhlen.
"Shite, shite, SHITE!!!"
“Jaecob!!!”
Dieter swirls his concentration around on the gross groping arm, sending the moonbeam flying across the room to defend his friend.

The beam of moonlight laces across the floor, narrowly missing Flayco.  What it doesn't miss is the arm, which disintegrates in a puff of smoke and sizzle.  Part of the miasma that is keeping the disc afloat also gets sliced by the beam, though.  The horrors beneath scream out in pain, for just an instant.  The disc rocks on the roiling cloud.  A strange tension permeates the room...
Dieter moves the moonbeam directly over the miasma, then picks up a few bits of rubble and charges them, handing them over to Jaecob. “Might need something less mundane for what’s coming...”

“Get ready to strike! And for gods sake, stay back! Shelli, get your shell nice and shiny for whatever comes up. Flayco...do...whatever it is you do! We’re all in this together!!!”
Jaecob grabs the stones and readies his sword.
The stench of sulfur fills the air as something large buffets against the miasma.  Once, twice, thrice it rams the dense fog, trying to jar it loose or end it's effect.  The disc atop the surface wobbles, rights itself, then tips with the last knock against the dark cloud.  Jaecob looks at Dieter.  "Is that important enough to try and reach?"
“Hells if I know! Let’s just stay alive!...Come on now you devils, show yourselves!”
As if on cue, as soon as Dieter speaks the words, a strange gelatinous substance issues from the crevice left by the moonbeam.  It climbs out and, piling upon itself, forms the visage of a female drow.  She cocks her head at the party.
As more goo issues forth from the floor, more and more drow form, until six lithe, angry drow warriors are sneering at the four heroes.  (Perception check, please!)

Dieter can see a thin tendril of something connecting all of the drow together.  Also, now they're very solid, they don't seem to be gelatinous any longer.
(are they in the moonbeam still?
“State your purpose or begone. It will happen one way or another...”
Let's get into initiative then!!

EL1 was added to combat with initiative 1d20 (2) + 3 = `5`.
FL1 was added to combat with initiative 1d20 (12) - 3 = `9`.

17
BL1 was added to combat with initiative 1d20 (12) + 2 = `14`.
