strange-tensionDieter takes similar precautions to the last room casting his spell of detection.


There are pings from the detect magic spell.  The cryptex in front of the stone structure gives off abjuration magic.  The disc is giving off the greatest magic signature he's ever experienced.  It threatens to overwhelm Dieter.  Abjuration plus another school he can't define are emanating from the disc.  The miasma is abjuration mixed with heavy evocation magics.
He takes time to inspect the glyphs on the cryptex with great care, hovering and tracing his fingers over the shapes about two inches away from the object.
They are extremely odd looking.  (Roll an intelligence check.  Also, perception check too, please!)


What Dieter sees is a bunch of dashes written in horizontal lines.  There doesnt seem to be a consistency or pattern to them at all.  Looking around the area, in the remnants of a collapsed tent, Dieter spies a rucksack.
“Now what in the nine could this be?”, the Druid mutters as he shuffles over to the sack and takes a look inside.
xmrfx hermano
Dieter opens the sack.  Inside he finds various gems worth 1,000 gp collectively.  He also finds a filigreed bowl with waves, aquatic life, and ocean scenes etched in silver.  Lastly, there is a black book that is bound with a leather thong, tied tightly in the front.
Dieter stows the items and inspects the book, just then wondering to himself whether Flayco ever did retrieve that clockwork ball...
A gold 'dragon', a coin from Waterdeep, is bound in the middle of the leather rope.  As its undone, the book falls open.  Draconic script mixes with common and the same horizontal lines on the cylinder.  (Intelligence check, please!)

Flayco did not bring the sphere back.  (That doesn't mean he didn't find it, however...)
Dieter reads through the book, really taking his time to try and decipher the writing.  After a handful of pages, he can definitely tell this was Lord Muhlen's.  It looks like the wizard was trying to piece together the language of the illithids, known as Qualith.  The writing is more of a textural representation of emotions and larger concepts than actual words specifically.  Lord Muhlen notes that humanoids are not able to read Qualith, or else they could go mad.  Needless to say, the last few pages were his tests into deciphering the code to the cryptex.
Dieter takes the items in hand and looks over the cryptex once more, now taking in all the shapes. He retreats toward the door and attempts to close it with a word. He then beckons Flayco over and tries to get him to settle. He has a mind to sit down and meditate on these writings for awhile before he takes it a step further...

Dieter lays his hands on Jaecob.  A golden glow, tinged with a little aquamarine blue, surrounds the two.  The glow abates, and Jaecob slooowly opens his eyes.  He blinks;  Looks around.  Sees Flayco on the ground, trying to get up on Shelli.  The baby dragon sits back down and scratches the back of its head with a hind leg.  It then tries to hop back onto Shelli, still trying to get up.  Jaecob's eyes go *very* wide.
“Jaecob! You’re awake! Fear not...this is *Flayco*. He’s one of us now. I’ll explain more later. Here, take this...”
He offers up the last bottle of Golden Dragon Ale.
“Here, I saved the last for you.”
He accepts the bottle but cannot take his eyes, his *wide* eyes, away from the monster on the ground.
"Fa... fa....  F....    Flayco, ye say?"  He paused a beat, taking it all in.  "Nice name, that."  He looks towards Dieter.  
"What in the fucking Nine Hells did I miss?!"
“Well, you...kind of...blacked out. That chest in the last chamber was an ooze monster which we laid low, and the golden egg there, well...it turns out it was Flayco. 

I’m sorry, this must all seem a bad dream, and believe me, I’m on the verge myself, but, I could not leave a whelp uncared for. What with the dread power hunger of your father, along with his spirit’s captivity at the hands of the illithids and your usurper brother, I feel we must do everything in our power to resist! 

It would seem this poor creature was bred for one purpose. I plan to undo that. I will take what energies our foes have pooled and whirl them back one-hundred fold with the wrath of scorned, the enmity of the exiled! 

Just think...you, me, poor Shelli, and indeed perhaps most of all wretched Flayco here are castaways. Bastards of circumstance. Our stories have been writ by the hands who misunderstand, the hands who manipulate our very life essences to their whims. 

I tell you all, right here, right now, *I will not let this stand!* Join with me, Jaecob! Slide with me Shelli! Flock with me Flayco! We will undo our would be undoers to their abominable doom!”
Somewhere in the back of Dieter's mind, he feels the pull of his friend Maouelue.  He imagines his friend giving the same kind of speech, wherever he might be.
Jaecob shakes his head to clear it.  "Ab...absolutely!  You know we're behind you!  Let's get things done and get to some sunshine, aye?"
"Two alms to that *brother*."
