strange-tension“Well then, your sister trying to assassinate my friend was a bad start...Tell me, oh most pitiful of the Muhlens, what foul atrocities have you committed at the behest of your power hungry sisters? Why was there no mention of you in your Father’s vault? Just....*Dearest Daughters...*? Surely, you can see how they use you to meet their ends....Why not be an individual rather than a joined of doomed causes?”
"Pitiful?" Maouelue can see the tears in his eyes, the trails on his face now.  "Maybe I am at that.  My father recognized only his daughters as heirs to his kingdom of knowledge.  For some reason, only they were invited to his inner circle.  It bothers me not, for they shared with me the fruits of their labors.  They let me know the dark heart of our dear, dead father.  And I would not wish my direst enemy to be aware of his inner thoughts.  To be welcomed by him was to be used by him.  His knowledge, though...  that's a different story.  You were the ones who had the key, he said you unlocked it.  You can bring about the end of all this.  If my sisters attacked you...  either you provoked them to do so.  Or the madness...  the madness has taken them completely."
“Yes. They have been taken... And what of this madness? Will you not stand and break the cycle?”
"I have my orders.  I'm to bring you to the Runemark.  He knows you have the pieces to unlock father's mystery.  Culver said you went to the mines.  You can find the lost city.  You can bring them back.  You can bring them *all* back!  But he said your hearts are hard, and you would fight.  We were to bring you in any way possible."  He spins the blades.  "And I intend to."
“Yes...of course...”
“Why didn’t I see it before?”
IR1 removed from combat.
Dieter Deleter removed from combat.
“This is for Stenchy.”

“And this is for Quenchy!”

“I am sorry my countrymen...”
The knight defly dodges, and only has eyes for Maouelue...


"GAH!" he gasps!
*Maouelue grimaces deeply under his visor. Mimicking his double, his opposite, his shadow...he throws the Frostbitten Helm to the ground. His hands glow blue, his eyes prismatic as a blinding radiance seems to form around, shimmering in the bright plate, bow smattered with the blood and detritus of beast man and otherwise. A ray of frozen light shoots out of his hands and flies toward the lesser Muhlen!*

*As Frenchy sees the wizard’s zealous strike lay the Black Knight low again, a light flickers in his eye. He runs to his fallen fighter friend and picks up the Mace of Reduction...*
...a fit of fury forms in the furrow of his French forehead. He drags the mace over to the Black Knight and begins smashing his face repeatedly with the mace!*




*The scene unfolds pitifully as the Frenchman slams over and over, but his grief and the weight of the mace in his hands send him flailing about haplessly.

Maouleue offers a calming hand.*

*Frenchy smirks as the metal mage misses...*


*Its pure hilarity...it’s almost as if they’ve never wielded a mace before.*


As the mace comes down, over and over again, bits of ice flake and spray off, some superficially cutting into the mage and his hench-friend.  The toil does help loosen the armor and un-ice the rest of what's on the body.  (Investigation checks for the black knight, the 'veteran' and the others at large.  Oh, and if there's anything else you wanted to pick over, feel free!)

“Here, drink this...”
*He goes to grab a potion then sees his bag is empty of them.*
“Shit!”


The black knight has plate armor, painted black with an insignia just poking out from behind a scratch the damage left in it.  He carried a great-sword, a heavy crossbow, and a dagger, all standard.  The necklace on around his neck held a blue crystal, but it is now cracked down the center and has completely lost it's luster.  Lastly, he carries the same parchment the others had on them, a few in fact, concerning the wayward druid and mage from Oakhust.
(Arcana check for the necklace, history check for the partial insignia.)


Maouelue can't quite tell what either is.  He's a bit tired at the moment.




The veteran has splint armor that is actually very well maintained.  Standard armor, no +.  He also carried a long sword, a couple short swords, and a couple daggers, again standard.  He had two greater potions of healing and one standard potion of healing.  He also had a hand drawn map of both the barrow site, and a scrawled map of another area, this one unfamiliar to the both of you.
Deep in an inside pocket of his coat, you find two interesting items.  The first is a ring with a marvelous ruby inset.  But then you look, and it's a bright amber color.  When you look closer, swirls of yellow and flecks of black can be seen in tumult within the gem.  It looks like lava made into a gem.  (Arcana for identification, or short/long rest to attune.)  The other is a small carved mink, made from what seems to be a pliable bone-like material.  The minks eyes are very lifelike and sparkle in the dawn's light, which is just coming up over the horizon.  (Perception for your surroundings now that it's lighter outside.  Investigation on the scrimshaw mink for info on that.)



