strange-tensionHe assumes a preliminary bedside manner and attempts to show the snail he means no harm.
"Frume, go grab some of those herbs if you can. This one looks like as much of a captive as us."

Frume looks at Dieter.  "You, uh...  You want me to go back... in there?"  He points to the room down the hallway.
Now that Frume mentions it, you do hear a kind of scratching coming from down that hallway.  Like nails on wood...
"Agh, I guess not." He turns back to the sickly snail and tries to catch its eyes, raising his hands in a non-threatening way. He pulls out his water skin and sprays a few ounces down in front of the snail's visage.
A little pool of water forms at he snails front, a couple long, droopy stalks find their way to it and lap it up greedily.  A small bit of color comes into the grey flesh of the animal, giving Dieter some hope for it's survival.  From the druid's cursory medical check of the creature, the biggest takeaway is that the animal hasn't eaten for quite some time.  And, upon further inspection of the shell, it feels to Dieter as if some of the anti-magic power is being siphoned off somehow.
Dieter pulls out a hunk of snake meat from his pack that he hopes has survived well enough for his purpose. He sets it in front of the snail and backs away deferentially.
"Guard the rear," Dieter whispers to Frume.
The meat looks blackened and partially rotted.  The snails eye stalks shoot up, stare at the meat, then a maw opens wide from the bottom of the greyish flesh, a wide toothless mouth, and it scarfs the morsel in one bite.  Eyes stalks close as it devours the decaying snake meat.
The sounds of heavy pawing at the door behind you can be heard.  The low moan that was heard from the darkened tunnel starts again from the previous room now.  Frume takes a few more steps towards it to investigate.

The smell becomes too much for him and he retreats.  "I'm going to get these bags down, help me cover this doorway with them, aye?"

Dieter looks back and sees his struggling companion. He takes his remaining three hunks of snake meat and lays them out for the snail before joining and helping barricade the door.

“With our powers combined!....urrrgggghhhh...”
These bags are much heavier.  Either that, or you guys are much more tired than you realized.  (Contested check coming up.  Dieter and Frume roll  D20 each.  The thing on the other side of the door is going to roll a d20-5.  This is going to be how long it will take the boys to block up the hall vs. the thing to break down it's door.)
(15+9)/2 = 12
The men get to work hauling bag after bag.  Sweat pours from their faces.  Occasionally an eye stalk pokes out and relieves them of their perspiration.  Another bag goes on the top, the clawing from the other side starts to beat frantically on the door.
The hall is blocked about three-quarters of the way up.  Dieter hauls another bag over, Frume is just about to heave it atop the pile when *bang*!  The two hear the door flung wide and crash against the stone wall, probably shattering it to pieces.  A lumbering, unnatural sound comes down the hall.  Frume just finishes throwing the last bag up when a pale appendage comes over the top of the barrier, searching frantically.
The stench that follows is beyond nauseating, and the snail even seems affected.  It starts to batter against the bags in front of it, knocking a few out of the way, opening that clearance a bit more.  The appendage that hangs over the barrier is...  odd.
It looks as if...  it was a leg.  But that can't be right, because the end is clearly an arm.  A hand?  But the hand looks odd, too.  Like it has too many digits...
“I think we’ve discovered the results of whomever’s foul handiwork we espied in the catacombs...”
"You can say that again."  He gulps.  It would be comedic, except for the situation.
Dieter produces a flame and sets it atop the gap in the barricade.

“Let us hope that holds them a bit!” 
He turns back to the ascending affection of the snail. He takes a long look into its eyes.
The fire instantly consumes the first row of grain bags, causing the thing to retract it's appendage.  (Dealing damage, I'll roll in a sec.)
Frume cocks his head at the barrier fire.  "Um..."
"We should go.  Probably now, aye?!"
You both watch as the fire careens down the side of the barrier.  There's probably not much time until there is an explosion!
“Quickly now!”
Dieter leads on and pleadingly looks at the snail to follow.

The snail nuzzles you, searching for more food, while at the same time moving out of the room for fear of the fire.  The room beyond the former grain-bag wall is covered in straw, or maybe what remains of an old rug.  There is a lazy brazier in the corner, not doing much to give out heat or warmth.  Standard wooden doors are to the W and S.
The snail sails over the bags without any issue, surprising Frume!
Dieter looks on admiringly at the snail and bequeathes his two Baobab Berries as a gesture of bonding.
