strange-tensionDieter runs his hands over the items, specifically the chain shirt.  A enormous pain settles in the base of his skull before he's halfway through with the process, and he's unable to complete the check.  (Take 1o points of psychic damage.)
As pain rips through his head, he starts to get dizzy and sway.  Frume catches his arm and leads him to a sitting position on the ground.
"Flippin flipper's flippers!!!!"
"Yeeouuuuch!"
"Whassamatter?"
"The sooner we get out of this magic hell, the better. We've got to get to the coast. My energies dwindle..."
"I'm all for that.  Here, take these."  He hands you the potions of healing.  "Lets get up that ladder in the other room.  We should be directly underneath the guards room now."
"Ok. I'll need to drink some of this now."
"There ye go, lad."
"Aaahhhh...That's getting there."
"Thank ye kindly good man."
"I guess we'll just hold on to this other one for a bit until we find out what it is."
"Aye.  Lest ye be turned to a goat!"
They pack up the equipment and head back over to the ladder. Dieter has changed out his dagger for a shortsword and donned the chain mail.
"Eh Frume...I know my stuff is up there, but do you think we had better clear this place before heading up? You never know what we might find and that just might be the advantage we need up there, eh?"
"True, true.  But who knows how big this place is.  It's all over the place, I can't get a read on it.  Not to mention whoever was dissecting those bodies.  Rather not meet them without a bunch o' fighters at my back, I'll tell you true."
"You make valid points there. Seems I've got a bit o' the lust as well! Well my good man, why don't you head up first, in case you recognize anyone?"
"Sounds like a plan!"
As Frume puts a hand on the ladder, two humanoid shapes appear out of nowhere and move to attack!
SH1 was added to combat with initiative 1d20 (12) + 2 = `14`.
SH2 was added to combat with initiative 1d20 (5) + 2 = `7`.

"Oh hell...well, at least we are equipped now..."

"Ah!!  What in the nine hells are these things?!"
"Beats me? Wanna kill 'em?"


"And you're *way* to calm!!"


"Feels like my blade doesn't gain any purchase in these fiends!"



"AAHHHH!!!"







Frume *rages* at the shadow-being.
*"AHHHHHH!!!"*
"Do not go quietly into that good night!"



"GO BACK TO THE SHADOW!"



"Rage! Rage!"
Updated and saved data for The Frumious Bandersnatch!


"Die you son of a bitch."  Frume stabs down and the shadow fades away, silently screaming.
Dieter spits at the shady corpses. "There will be no dying of the light today."
"Wooo...  boyo.  I'm not feeling so well..."

Frume doesn't pass out, but he puts his hand back on the ladder to steady himself.
"Time for me to help *you* friend. Let's head back to where we found the chest and take a moment to recover before we go further."
Dieter offers a shoulder to lean on and helps support Frume back down the corridor to the secluded space by the small chest.
He tries to close the door behind them and find a way to secure it from opening. He considers a moment, then reaches in his pocket and pulls out the latent gem. He smirks, then pushes it into the door.
Frume leans on you and you feel like you're going to collapse as well.  (Strength save, please.)

Dieter falls to his knees under both the dead weight of Frume and the strength drain he's suffered as well.
"Whoa, whoa, lad.  Here, looks like we're both feeling low.  Let's just rest here."  He sits propped up on the nearest wall.
"Aye..I...Aiiieee...agree..."
Dieter leans back and succumbs to the weariness.



[200 xp]





After a fairly non-restorative rest, Dieter gets up, at least feeling like his strength has returned. His brain feels only *slightly* less addled. He turns to Frume, “We should dally no longer. Come on good man, let us ascend.”
Frume, who's been sitting and honing his new shortsword along with checking out the makeshift forge, eyes Dieter waking.
"Hoy, there.  Feeling any better?"
"Aye, just a bit... How about you? You took the brunt of that."
Updated and saved data for The Frumious Bandersnatch!
"I don't think I did, lad.  I'm doing okay.  Better if we were outta this place, the faster the better, eh?"
"Agreed. Go on and head up and I'll be right behind you."
Frume nods to you, looking determined.  He climbs the ladder, each rung clasp echoing raspingly in the clay room.  As he gets to the hatch, he whispers down to Dieter, "There's a catch here, I'm going to slide it quiet and try to peek through."

Without any sounds, even to Dieter, Frume undoes the clasp and opens the hatch.  Then, quicker than a snake bite, he clambers up through the opening and opens the trapdoor completely.  He offers you a hand.  "We gotta be quick about this.  No one's here but there's bound to be someone soon.  Les go!"
Dieter follows quickly, astounded at the silent lightning that is his companion.
