strange-tensionAfter a few moments of pure revelry in the tastes and smells, Queen Titania breaks the silence by saying, "I apologize for mixing business and pleasure.  I encourage you all to help yourselves to anything here, our table is yours.  However, we must speak on the events of the past day and look to the future.  Erifias and Otrinis have filled me in on the general events, to the best of their abilities.  Erifias is sleeping well, now.  Our best clerics administered them a great amount of healing.  They were nearly inconsolable, they thought their plan had doomed the two of you.  When Erifias awakes, it would do them well for you to be there, if you wish.  That being said, we must speak on our individual needs.  If it please you, I shall go first and let you continue to enjoy your repast?"  She blinks her large lavender eyes in Maouelue's direction, waiting for his permission.
Maouelue looks up with a leg of foul in his mouth, trying to nonchalantly out it back down on his plate and swallow quickly before he answers, “Of course, your Majesty.”
The King chuckles and pops a quith-pa (the orb-like food) into his mouth.  The Queen smiles and continues, "We have been at war with the unseelie for quite some time.  My sister, who now calls herself the Queen of Air and Darkness, has been corrupted by a dark crystal.  In truth, if we could destroy the crystal, that would right everything, but I fear that is too lofty a goal for now.  She has raised an army, which has been attacking and killing our peoples all around the lands of the Feywild.  With her dire generals, she has made several strongholds, however most of them are in the Feydark.  I would not ask you to go into that abyss, for that would be requesting much more than any of us has to give.  However, there is one thing I believe you might be well suited for.  You have all proven yourselves tremendous fighters.  I believe if we were to eliminate a top ranking official of her command, we could stem the tide of the war, or shift it to our side.  I've been in talks with other realms regarding the creation of a force that might quell this uprising long-term.  Now, however, we need to strike deeply into her structure and make her realize we are not easy prey.  For this, along with our undying friendship, we offer you a boon.  Either of your request or of our choosing."  Her lavender eyes and golden skin ripple from the crystal reflection off of the table and plate-ware.  Her hair still wafts in the unseen breeze.
Maouelue, now recovering his somber and moderately zealous vigor, takes in the state of affairs and the interesting proposition before him and his followers. He looks around to Daran, Bella and her sister. He thinks of Vam and Heston, the wreckage of Oakhurst. He remembers poor Douglas, fallen to the vile Muhlen brood, and Culver whatever became of him. Most of all, he thinks of Dieter... Where in the depths of that foul Citadel could he be? What would he do in this situation? Surely the resourceful Druid was putting his cunning to great use, but how much time did he really have?

"My Queen, if I may call you thus, I feel a deep kinship to you and your people, *our people* and I would see this land restored to peace and glory. I will aid in its deliverance will all that I have to spare. My companions here, I leave to make their own choices, for they have risked much on my behalf already.

As are undoubtedly aware, we also face a grave uprising in our realm of Faerun. Dread Neogi walk in the daylight in forms both human and serpentine. Power mongers and arcane excavators have delved too deep into the secrets of our own underworld. As my companion Dieter the Deleter and I followed these dark trails, we followed a series of ancient tombs, each decorated with disturbing imagery of these serpents in their rituals of sacrifice and uprising.

It is true that I understand but little of the scope of this war, if that should be how we name it. I fear it is a war that has raged longer than even your sister's corruption. Yes, I will aid you in this cause, for it is far from impossible that these dark threads are bound in some way together, yet, my companion Dieter and I are also honorbound to each other and I will not leave him to fate at the hands of those who would seek to befoul our lands.

You speak of a boon and I would receive it gratefully, though I would also seek council and aid in our own fight. As I say, they may indeed be one and the same after all is laid bare."
Maouelue sees the Queen cock her head to the side, thinking, reflecting on the possibility the core of the problem is somehow linked between planes.  "You speak well, mage.  And you reason even better.  My sight does not cross to the material plane as well as it does others, but you have touched on a subject - reached it's core in truth -  that many of our archfey and protectors of other planes have worried over for some time.  There is a darkness that stirs.  It is gathering momentum, gathering strength in the form of powerful beings with long reaches.  I am afraid my sister is one.  You world may have one or many, as well.  This is truly a sobering thought."  She takes a deep breath.  "However, we cannot sit idly by and watch as our worlds are thrown into chaos.  It pleases the court that you would agree to this course of action.  Are you all in agreement, then?  Or do you wish for privacy, or more time to deliberate?"
