strange-tension"Thank you for your consideration in this matter. I consent on my own behalf. I invite the others to make their own assertions. I understand the need for haste, but I would ask of your hospitality a moment of repose for my party to tend our injuries and to convene amongst ourselves. I fear we are all still in a state of shock whose depths may yet be untapped. Would you grant us a reprieve of four hours to collect ourselves? After that, I would desire to meet in your war council chambers, if such a think ere had need of existence in these halls, and plan our strategies accordingly."
The group looks appreciatively at Maouelue.  The Queen says, "We shall meet in our battle council chambers, but you may take as much time as you need.  Please venture anywhere in our castle or city.  If there is anything you need, we will send you with a attendant."  She looks to her head servant.  There is a short whispered conversation, and she returns to Maouelue to say, "Everything is arranged.  When you are ready to discuss the details, please let your valet know and we will meet here again."  She stands, as do the others right after her.  "It pleases me greatly that you are here, Maouelue the Mage.  It is indeed serendipitous.  You are most welcome here.  Well met."  She bows to you, in their fashion, as do all eladrin in the room.
Maouelue stands and bows in return, thanking the Lord and Lady profusely for their hospitality before turning to the valet and asking where they might find their chambers to let down.
The Court retires to a room beyond the feast hall, the valet ushers you all into separate rooms not far from the throne room, all on the main level.  The rooms are spacious, airy, and decorated simply but elegantly.  A warm breeze plays at the curtains, where beyond is a balcony overlooking the city center.  A soldier comes in, introduces himself, and resumes a station outside your door.  There is  full washroom, a sitting room, and a sleeping chamber.
As Maouelue walks into the room he cannot help but think to himself, “*I could get used to this...I musn’t...but I could.*” He begins to doff his armor, rubbing his shoulders as he does. There are some aches that even the elven food won’t cure, and it certainly does not quell the smell of his under armor sweat. He strips down bare leaving the armor and garments in a corner of the room before moving into the washroom and drawing a hot bath for a long-overdue soak. 

Though he is by rights a frost mage, Maouleue does not shy away from bringing the water to a heat just shy of scalding. A pure heat from within, as Shi’Vandos used to say, stays an frozen heart when the ice starts to flow. 

As he sets himself in and lets the hot water scour his skin and spirit, the rare combination of warmth, silence, and safety cast him into a misty reverie.

The rising steam in his eyes turns to swirling clouds, spinning upwards to a vision of the tower where his master...his father...*it still hadn’t quite set in after all this time...* had led him to the discovery of his secret heritage. The memories, always a distorted mixture of emotions in his mind, seem to resolve more clearly in this palace of starlight....

*“My son....”*
*"... Shi'veilan is his name.  He is your younger brother.  I am... sorry it's taken this long to tell you of him."*
"Master...." 

Maouelue, bewildered at the flood of destabilizing revelations, is not yet ready to call him *Father*...

"...Why?...Why have you kept this from me for so long? Why would you send me away at the moment of knowing? We could have....We could have...."

*Silvery tears begin to well up in the Sylvan's adolescent eyes. Choked sobs begin to undermine his ordinarily composed demeanor.
Shi'Vandos smiles kindly down at the boy, but the smile doesn't completely reach his eyes.  He looks sorrowful and frustrated.  "It is...  not a story I like to tell.  I would rather you remember me, know me for my triumphs.  Not my failures.  Mortals have the potential for great works and deeds.  Yet, when posed with the possibility of... gratification..."  He shrugs.   "We are mortal.  My choices have erred on the side of pleasure, as time is so short.  Even for us elves."  He calmly moves to sit at a nearby chair.
Maouleue does not speak fir fear of faltering. He listens patiently, trying in vain to still the icy tempest forming in his heart and soul.
