strange-tensionAs the wraith bends over to land possibly the killing blow to the halfling man, the cold gets incredibly intense.  Almost to the point where the party can't breathe.  The pressure lessens for the group, however, as the cold persists on the wraith, locking it's limbs enough to have the wraith miss clawing the little one.

"AAAAHH," the halfling screams in frustration.


*Ape X Deleter wroaaaaaars and wrips the wraith asunder.*


The swirling energy is now ebbing and flowing, not a consistent blue-purple glow.  The cold has ebbed as well, but a rime of frost has built up on the apparition now.  It's brittle, crackling, creaking.  It looks scared... and dangerous.

The wraith's eyes glow a bright red as it eyes Briffo.  The halfling grasps a locket around his neck and whispers something.  The claws come down.  They pass through his frame, and Dieter and Maouelue see a cloudy substance come away from Briffo's body.  The light leaves his eyes as he falls back to the cold stone floor.
Briffo Lightfoot removed from combat.
*Ape X Deleter’s eyes go bloodshot and he lets out a howl of agony at the sight of his fallen companion. He raises both fists and brings them smashing down at the wraith.*




*Maouelue’s hands pulsate a bluish-purple aura that splits into three magical daggers and sear right into the undead heart of the wraith.*
*A confused misery follows as the heroes put down their guard after the battle. Dieter is weeping openly as his form passively morphs back into to human shape. Maouelue’s eyes appear glassed over.*
“Anything!!! I’ll do anything...I...”, croaks Dieter.
*He turns his eyes up at Maouelue. They are still bloodshot, but now running freely with tears. Their glow is all hope now as they look pleadingly at Maouelue.*
“He...deserves to *live!* Branchala!..Lathander!.., *hear me!*”

Ape (Dieter Deleter) removed from combat.
✅ Dieter Deleter removed from all groups.
There is a lightening in the foyer, a softness comes into the room.  The cold abates significantly.  A sad sort of peace comes to the two adventurers.  There is a certainty of finality here.  Not for the mission or the mysteries of the house, but for their friend.  Although they both want things to be different, the vacant stare of their newly found and newly gone friend is both heartbreaking and beautiful at the same time.  The halfling wears a beatific smile, hand still clutching the totem around his necklace.  Soft sounds of rain can be heard now, pattering on the escarpments and damaged grounds of the old Muhlen Manor.
*Dieter let’s Maouelue’s words wash over him and a steely determination sets about him. He begins to stare at Briffo with a fury, as if forcing this image into his being so that he may remember this solemn hubris. After a few moments, he closes Briffo’s eyes, then moves his hand from the locket. Dieter looks down and attempts to open it.*
*Maouelue now comes over too and makes a ritual gesture of peace. He then bends down and begins to remove Briffo’s worldly burdens. As he does this, he pulls out the rings and the Rod of Sky Explosions. He offers the Ring of Invisibility over to Dieter and puts the Ring of Poison Resistance and the Ring of Protection on.*
The hands come away easily.  It is a simple locket, one with pictures inside.  A younger, smiling Briffo stands opposite a beautifully plain halfling girl.  Both are immeasurably happy.  (I'll get you a full inventory list in one sec...  Oh, and CON save, for both, please.  Disadvantage for Dieter.)


Ring of Invisibility
Boomerang, +2
-Simple, Range, Range (60/120)
Folding Boat
-Wondrous item
-Movement, Utility, Exploration
Leather, +1
-Light ArmorLeather
-10lb.
-AC 12
Ring of Poison Resistance
Ring of Protection
Ring of Protection
Bag of Holding
Potion of Healing (Greater)
-2
Potion of Necrotic Resistance
-1
Potion of Water Breathing
-2
Wand of Secrets
3/3 Charges, Detection
Bedroll
Candle
Clothes, Costume
Dagger
-Simple, Finesse, Light, Thrown, Range (20/60)
Disguise Kit
Lute
Potion of Healing
Gear
-3
Potion of the Trickster
-1
-200 gp
Rations (1 day)
Rod of Sky Fire
-150 gp
Sending Stones
-50 gp
Shawm
Waterskin
The cold comes back with a vengeance.  Immediately, the frost is back, you can see your breath again.  Dieter's head snaps back, his eyes roll back in his head.  He stands...
And screams!
When his lungs are completely drained of air, he sucks in a deep breath; lugubriously, wheezing.
"You.  Live.  Well.  Done."
"I.  Tried.  Help."
"Truly.  Sorry.  Friend."
"He. Is. Here."
"He. Is. Well."
The voice is coming from Dieter.  His eyes roll back this time, more gently.  Less...  frighteningly.  
"Sorry. Important. Message."
"Will. You. Save. Us?"
"Name. Tabatha. Muhlen."
"Do? Raze. Building. Fire."
"Set. Us. Free."
"Hides. Fathers. Weath."
"Interloper. Now."
"Joined. Weath. Together."
"Clues. House. Four. Runes. Open."
"Be. Warned. Tragedy. Death. Cursed."
"Yes. Death. Beyond. Door."
*Maouelue tries to wrest Dieter’s attention back and start their preparations to leave, packing up the fallen halfling’s horde and setting his body down.*
The druid's eyes return to normal.  The cold abates.  You can feel the spirits watching you, watching what you'll do next.
