strange-tension"The story is a strange one," the wizard fairly wheezes out.  Benna giggles, softly.  "The Pale Prince used to be the Sun Prince, once upon the day.  His love of a follower of his was his undoing.  She eventually turned to love another.  Maybe it was something the Prince did.  Who is to say.  All I know is that outside my balcony, to the southeast, I am privy to his pain.  Every day."
He pardons himself, gets up, and conjures a wizard's laboratory against the wall.  (Perception check, please!)

"Tell me, kind woman, what do you know of enchantments?"
Maouelue looks at the newly conjured workstation...  and it off-put by it.  Not sure why, though.  Something is hitting him as odd.
Bellatrix looks back and forth between her party-mates, but Benna gets up and goes to Lanrion's side.  "Oh, my, a bit here, a bit there!  Lessee what ya got, sonny!!"
The wizard laughs at that and the two set to going through beakers and vials, random bit and bobs from his table.  All with their backs turned.  Bellatrix stares at Maouelue, giving him a look that says, *What in the Nine Hells is happening right now?!*
He leans in and whispers a reply. “Apologies dear Bellatrix, i had not sought to tie everyone up with this endeavor, but I felt the need to gather resources before heading out again. Pray, let us watch what your sister and Lanrion concoct here!”
She smiles and says in a whisper, "I'm not worried at all, I can't remember the last time I've seen Benna have so much fun!  He does switch topics quite frequently, though!"
“Wizards...” He replies with a wink.
Tittering comes from the workbench, and the wizard starts mixing things in vials.   Puffs of smoke erupt, and more laughter ensues.
Lanrion turns in a flourish, and says, "Dear boy, have you any item - jewelry or the like - very near and dear to your heart?  Not bound to your armor or any weaponry?"
Benna comes back to the table with a brewed concoction, giggling and staring between Maouelue and Lanrion.
“There was, at the start of our journey, a young Halfling called Briffo Lightfoot...”
All lean forward, in expectation.  The wizard nods, almost imperceptibly.
“...when hope was high, our search beginning. There was no ransom to be paid. But, the heists they came at night, as we delved the Muhlen Manor; as we tore the place apart, as they turned our greed to shame. 

We laid him down by riverside. With words we teared admist our blunders. *They took our Brightfoot in his striiiiiide!!!* So to the vault, we took our shame.”
“But still...I dream he’ll always see, the ways his sacrifice was tendered. He drifts beyond the endless sea...

...his life has filled the dreams I dream.”
*With this, Maouleue pulls forth the Ring of Aid, his final material remains from Briffo’s fleeting existence in his world. The thought floods over him, as he pursues so called forces of justice, what is he leaving in the wake? How many lost? Too many...*
*...Dieter...*
*You must. not. be. lost.”
“Be strong.”
The last he says aloud, an icy tear crystallizing into the crows feet developing at the corner of his eye through years of scrutiny and intense attention to detail, and well, a bit of light-hearted reverie along the way.
But the costs had never been so high as now. Thus his mission here. He must retain focus at all costs. The mission here with his half brother would have to wait. For now. It was time to fulfill their contract and the sooner he could get this bit of whimsy sorted, the better. His fingers fiddle idly with the Expeditious Retreat scroll he had been looking forward to studying.

He turns back expectantly to Lanrion and Benna.
The wizard's eyes take on a softer, knowing cast.  Lanrion nods his head again as he picks up the ring.  "Yes.  Yes, this will do well."  He's looking at Maouelue when he says this, then sits down next to him at the tea table.  
"The thing about sacrifice is that, for it to be truly understood, truly *sacrificial*, no one can know of it.  It can't be broadcast to the heavens.  There shouldn't be grand gestures.  It often times is just people.  Going about their business, making the difficult choices.  Doing what they can as they must.  And when posed with a difficult task or decision, always choosing the harder road.  Not because it is hard, but because it is right.
"The interesting thing about you and your friends is that, although you might not know it yet, your choices and actions will effect the world for years and years to come.  There are some things coming you cannot and will not change.  But, for your part, there are important, world changing things you can affect.  Just by choosing right.  For example, the reason you wear that armor.  Had you not chosen the Platinum Protector, there might be a real chance a choice in your future could be swayed another way.  I say this not to worry your, or question your allegiances.  Simply to inform you of the importance of perseverance.  And of hope.
"Without the belief that what you do *means* something, even to just one person, your choices are then random, as is your effect on the warp and weft of the world.  But you, sir...  your actions mean something.  Sometimes, yes, to just one person.  And other times to people you will never get the chance to meet."  He looks sorrowfully down at the ring in his hands.
Maouelue nods stoically, taking in this wisdom.

