strange-tension“Help me move this rock of the body.”
*Dieter, Maouelue, and the hand work together to move the rock off of the unfortunate humanoid.”


The two men strain and Dieter, usually the weaker of the two, manages to shift the large rock slightly.  Then the smell of rotting hits the two hard.  Maouelue gags and loses his grip, the rock rolling back over the body of the dead being.  It makes an audible *pop* and the legs disintegrate like rotten sausages.  (Constitution saves.)


Deiter holds it back, but the wizard can't.  He vomits into the corner.  Dieter notices the box next to the body now has some very putrid essence all over it.
*Dieter produces a flame and gently attempts to burn away any organic detritus from the chest and surrounding area with a mind to inspect the box...once it’s clean that is.*


The cantrip helps...  but there's a lot of guts.
*Dieter holds his breath and attempts to crack open the box.*





Dieter strains with the box, giving Maouelue time to get himself together.  After a bit of struggle, the druid's fingers slip on some offal-ish remnants and the box crashes to the floor... and the contents spill out.  (Give me a d100 roll.)



*They head back out to the antechamber and take the corridor that was loud earlier.*
Hooking around, you travel into the last tunnel, going East.
*As you enter this 10 by 10 space you see it
slopes down to where some makeshift
steps have been carved out of the stone. A
beam, that has broken in two lies across
the entrance.*
*The two look at each other, simultaneously recalling their previous “stairs” experience. The begin to walk gingerly down the steps.*
*The steps are covered in dust but otherwise
are safe and as you duck down you find
them rising again until you step out into a
kidney shaped chamber approximately
12x15 foot. On the far wall there are two
recesses where miners had once been
working. You spot an old pickaxe to one
side, but your attention is drawn to the top
of the stairs where, as if tumbled into the
room, lies a middle aged man. He wears
rough dusty clothing, his skin is wrinkled
and tough, and his hair is a dark grey. He
appears to be unconscious as the pallor of
death is not upon him. But there is a red
bump on the side of his head.*
*The mage harries toward the prone man and begins to examine his wound and check for any sign of life.*
As the mage rushes to the downed man, an arrow comes out of the darkness and hits him for...
One point of damage.  The goblins roar from the opposite side of the room.  The man on the floor rouses at this and starts scrambling down the stairs on his hands and knees, saying, "Gemme outta here!  Get me the hell outta here!!"


GO1 was added to combat with initiative 1d20 (2) + 2 = `4`.
GO2 was added to combat with initiative 1d20 (15) + 2 = `17`.

The wizard feels a glow from the amulet around his neck...
The wizard feels healing energy surge through him, the arrow falls from his chest.

1d4+1

q is not a valid integer.


The goblin take some serious damage from the magic missiles.  They laugh, though, at the verbal jab thrown by the wizard.  One that looks like it's just seconds from death snarls and limps toward Dieter, slavering.

It slashes and yells in triumph!



...

The ray of frost completely freezes through the goblin.  His companion carelessly hits him to see if he's really frozen, tips him over, and the goblin breaks into ice shards all over the rough floor.
GO1 removed from combat.



9 pts.
Suddenly, the man rushes past you, cursing, falling over himself to get away from something.  You turn to see a larger goblin in armor coming down the stairs.
"And what do we have here, pretties?  Nice meat for the boss, eh?"

GO1 was added to combat with initiative 1d20 (5) + 2 = `7`.






Target True not found.

The goblin wasn't expecting such resistance, and definitely not magic.  He reels from the missile blasts, nearly falling back to the stone steps he just descended.  He shakes his head and snarls.

He runs toward Maouelue, twirling a javelin in his hands.  He overcompensates and tosses it right between the two of you.

*Dieter rushes to the staggering Goblin and slices across his midriff leaving a sizable gash.*

The armored goblin clutches his side and as the ray of frost flies by him.

With most of his lifeblood on the ground, the goblin makes one last-ditch swipe at Dieter.


*Maouelue hangs his head in shame.*
Your enemy, seeing the attacks fail for you both, gets a second wind and roars.

The scimitar slices through the air, rending the wizard.
Douglas was added to combat with initiative 1d20 (9) + 20 = `29`.

*In his rage at seeing his companion crippled once again, Dieter slashes wildly at the goblin, missing horribly in his haste.*
Douglas uses his turn to do a medicine check to stabilize Maouelue.
The goblin roars again, licks his scimitar and walks toward Dieter.

