strange-tensionMaouelue extracts the cloth and sees that it is somewhat waxen, so it's not completely up in flames.  However, it is hot to the touch and in need of the cooling touch of the wizard. 

The runes stand out on the cloth a yellow-gold, almost searingly bright.
*Dieter attempts to snuff out the flaming parchment with a few drops of water from his skin.*
The flame goes out, but the parchment is scorched beyond recognition.
*Dieter looks for any nearby container he might use to contain the pieces of the charred sheet.*
The table holds some odd knickknacks.  A handknife, a pearl of decent size, a couple coppers, and a strange necklace.  The necklace has a burnished and rust-scarred pendant that lies open.  The pendant is ovoid and hollow on the inside, it looks as if it could carry ashes or something of the like.


Dieter is preoccupied at the moment, but the wizard is very perceptive this morning.  He hears screaming coming from the farther down street, from the heart of the village.
*He moves quickly to the door, opens it, and peers down the lane seeking the source of the scream.*
As Maouelue peeks out from the doorway, there are several people running toward the center of town.  Some folks are bringing buckets of water, some two at a time, running towards what Maouelue can see is smoke billowing from somewhere down the street.
*With a cursory glance back at his preoccupied friend, he exits and closes the door behind him, then runs full speed down the street directly toward the smoke.*
A few steps outside the parsonage, a very beautiful young woman locks eyes with you as she's running towards your end of town.  She makes a beeline for the wizard.  As she gets closer, she says, "Are you Maouelue, the man with Dieter?"
"My name is Kirra, I'm Denson's daughter.  He sent me to find you.  There's been an accident in your room.  We need you or your friend's help, please!"
*He hastens his pace and joins the maiden.*
"Yes!  Please come, quickly!"  She takes off toward The Sleeping Sheep.
*Maouelue follows apace.*
You both come around the corner, bumping into more people as the crowd from the other night seems to have just shifted buildings.  This morning, however, no one is in a jovial mood.  They're running a bucket brigade to put out a fire emanating from the side of the Sleeping Sheep.
*Maouelue, the budding frost mage, shouts for the crowd to stand aside and immediately begins to channel a ray of frost at the blaze, attempting to contain the outer edges of the fire to prevent the spread.*
*Dieter stares intently at the locket, caught between a strange desire to enclose the ashes within the trinket, and a fear of transgression against their healer host.*
*He reaches out and turns it over idly in his hands.*
We can roll it in beyond or roll20 if you want
1d20 = 16 + 6 (wis) + 1 (ring) = 23
Dieter rolls a Wisdom save! (23)
(Avrae's back up!)
Dieter, for a second, feels a psychic pull on his will.  Before he can really comprehend what's happening, the feeling completely fades and he's left staring at the locket, hand outstretched towards it.  You don't quite remember setting it down...


The beam of ice travels into the burning building, spreading it's calming cold to the searing flames.  Although it seems to die down a bit, the flames are still going.  A cheer goes up, and the brigade resumes tossing heaps of water.  Looks like they might have it quenched in a few minutes... or possibly with another spell?


A blue light begins emitting from the wizard's hands.  A yell goes up, the crowd disburses back to give you room.  A flash, then a rime of ice layers and crawls its way through the room, completely quenching the rest of the fire...  All save a pile of coins, which look to be glowing red hot in the middle of a puddle of water.
*Maouelue heads into the smouldering wreckage and beckons Kirra to follow.*
Denson meets both you and Kirra as you enter the burned out section of the Sheep.  
"I'm sorry about this, Master Wizard.  I was hoping to catch you myself, but the fire hastened faster than I thought it would.  Had to organize the brigade as soon as I could."
He shakes his head.  "Looks like a good deal of damage.  Was there anything expensive left in your rooms, goodsir?"
"Well, I'm glad of that, too.  I have to be off, need to talk with the town elders, see about repairing the damage as soon as we can.  Please let Kirra know if you need anything, or happen to find out what caused it all."
"It would seem that our presence here hath brought some form of wealth through our efforts out at the mine..."
"However, it is also clear that, whether it was here prior or not, we have also drawn out foul actors and in turn share some responsibility for the fate of the town and its people..."
"With good faith, I would use this silver to settle our debts and grievances with the good merchants and proprietors and do one better..."
"We met a young boy in the street yesterday...He said to us, *We take care of our own here, m'lord.*..."
"I would like to bind our services to the protection of the town and form a guild of minutemen to both secure the town and patrol the surrounding lands, mines, and resources..."
