strange-tensionThe group steps over the carcasses of the snake and newts, some still astride their mounts.  The ice from the metallicomets melts in puddles around them.  There is an eerie purple and yellow glow coming from the tunnel.  As the group moves closer, they can see it is coming from a bulbous mushroom standing just over three feet tall, and almost five feet wide from the cap.  There are a few yellow fungi in the S side of the room, emitting a fainter glow.  Every now and again, the yellow mushrooms tuck down close to the ground then *puff* up, releasing spores into the air.
"Bella, Benna, this seems like your area of expertise. What do you make of this glowing toadstool?"
They look but come up confused.  "These...  are not known to us.  They must be only found in the Feywild.  Did you want us to investigate them further?"
"Yes, let's do. I will inspect it for magical properties."
Maouelue sets about exploring the mushroom in more detail, trying to sense what magic might be emanating from it. He takes a few  spore samples as he does and stows them for later investigation as well.
*For the purple one...*  (Arcana check, please!)

Maouelue can't really tell what it is, or what it does, but he gets a sense that it might be hostile if he tries to harm it in any way.  (Con save to get near the yellow ones, please!)

The wizard can get closer enough to a group of yellow fungi without harmful effects of the airborne spores.  That being said, they're still pretty strange looking.  Maouelue doesn't get the sense that they're magical, though.  They might have some interesting properties, but further examination would need to be done.  (An alchemist would have proficiency on investigation checks for this, fyi.)
As Maouelue gets closer into the area, he sees that getting past these mushrooms without touching them might be a tricky business.
"On second thought...let me take a slightly different vantage on these...."
He moves back and directs his familiar to harvest some of the species and return them to a  piece of parchment he lays out for the purpose.

The wizard familiar is able to get a good quantity of yellow mushroom.  And, for good measure, was able to take a chunk out of the purple one, too.  Just as it flew in and out for the last time, a spore cloud caught it and he flew straight through.  (Con save, please!)

“Ok, well...now I’ve got these mushrooms...  Now...Where the *hell* are we?”
Just past the mushroom cavern, the group sees carved stone walls with a hall moving off to the left.
“In for another shroom, in for another room I always say... Let’s head on!”
They move to the hall....on the left.
As the quartet moves through the mushroom minefield, they enter the carved room structure, looking as if it were either constructed by someone or something, or possibly transposed into this mountain somehow.  The hall, beautifully carved stone throughout, carries on for about 25 feet then opens into another small room.  Halfway down the hall is another offshoot to the right (leading W).
(Roll20 is updated, btw.)
*Maouelue preens.*
*Somewhere in a far off dungeon, Dieter broods...with his brood.*
The cold, bedraggled crew carries on down the West offshoot.
The group makes it's way farther down the passages, farther seemingly *into* a complex of sorts.  The walls are contoured and sculpted, with patterns and pictures scattered throughout.  As the foursome enter into the passage, a rancid stench greets their nose.  Another long hallway opens in front of them, with a passage and broad stairs on their right (N), another broad passage to the left (S), and a crumbling wall revealing a purplish glow in front of them, 35 feet away (W).

Atop the stairs to the North, a small creature is floating above the stone floor...
*Mree...  mree mree...*
"What curious oddity is this?" Maouelue exclaims. It appears fascinated by its own hands! Granted, If I had quite so many, I'd be fascinated as well." He casts a glance at Bella, concealing a wry smile.

@Russell
Rolling 2 iterations...
1d20 (5) = `5`
1d20 (16) = `16`
21 total.

Wafts of reeking green gas float around the flumph and drift towards the party.

@Russell
Rolling 2 iterations...
1d20 (10) = `10`
1d20 (5) = `5`
15 total.
Worried more about the expanding gas than the creature, the group doesn't get a great read on it's intentions.  However, it doesn't seem aggressive at the moment.
"Let's steer clear of that one for the moment," the Metal Mage offers, "We'll scout around a bit first. Could this be the underbelly of the Fortress? That would be astonishing...yet somewhat intentional. Ah the whims of the Source are hard to fathom at time. I remember how Shi'Vandos used to go on at length about the mysterious weave of time and energy that constitute the Planes we inhabit. He would speak to me of deep, untraceable connections between different times and spaces. Ah, how I wonder what he might say could he be here right now." 
The mage's musing turn to soliloquy as the power of this place mingles with his memories.
The mage comes to as if from a daydream of his ancestors. 

*Albrek...*

He leads on West down the hall.
