strange-tensionAs you both pick through the rest of the thugs, you find serviceable maces, all in various states of disrepair.  A few light and heavy crossbows and a bevy of bolts.  All in all, including the knight and the vet, you found 250 gold, 700 silver.  (Anything else you were looking for specifically?)

Maouelue looks around to see smoke from doused fires rising to the sky.  The din sounds like a camp breaking down and moving.  To the S, a stream runs SE, and there looks to me a small bridge to cross farther downstream.
*Maouelue and Frenchy go through the rest of the remains grabbing what they could find. They pick up the net and some of the stray platinum balls from Maouelue's triple triumvirate. They also take a moment to pick up Dieter's spare shuriken that he hadn't had time to take.*
*Frenchy nods.*
*They make for the river crossing.*


It takes a bit of scouring but (with a great perception roll) Maouelue is able to spot a higher outcropping.  Unfortunately, two things might be wrong with it.  Firstly, it's across a rickety bridge.  Second, there looks to be something on the ridge already.  Other than that, there are a variety of trees around.  Not a forest, per se, but with Frenchy there, Maouelue would feel relatively safe to get his reverie in.
[xp - 3000/1500]







*As Maouelue comes out of his trance, he scans around for Frenchy and the general state of affairs.*
Frenchy is still there, on the lookout.  He's looking a bit hazy around the edges, though.  He says, "Faites attention. Il y a quelqu'un à la tente."  And he starts to fade more.
*Maouleue looks around for the approaching person as his fading friend recommends.*
The first thing you notice that he's very nimble.  He wears brown and dark green cloaks and leather, blending into the surrounding greenery.  As he gets closer Maouelue sees his lined and weary face, the face of a man that has either had too many quests or been on a very long mission for a very long time.  He strides up confidently, loosening his pack and sitting down cross-legged in front of the wizard.

"Good morn and well met, stranger.  It seems you might be in need of assistance.  Your friend has just...  vanished."  He doesn't seem particularly taken aback by this.
"He...does that. They call me...Lumao...and you are?"
"Most just call me ranger.  Names Daran, though.  You in trouble, son?"
"Heh...I suppose you could say that..."

"What gave me away?"
"You look a bit worse for the wear, to be honest.  Running from or to yer trouble, then?"
"Would it mean anything to you if I told you I don't much know the difference anymore?"

*He loosens a strap on his armor and takes his helmet off for the moment.*
The man lets out a very subdued, but somehow very grandfatherly, paternal laugh.  "Aye, aye."  He looks around the area eagle-eyed, taking everything in.  "If you need anything to eat, I'm about to restart my cookfire.  Just over the rise there."  He gets up and nods to you.  Then heads back across the river.
You can see as he crosses the basically broken bridge that you'll have to be nimble or careful to get across. The stream doesn't seem deep or dangerous, though.
"Hmph...Seems friendly enough... Got to keep your wits about you now though *Lumao*..."

*How long had it been since he had used that name, he wondered? Had it been since Shi'Vandos and he last spoke? It was hard to remember anymore. What had made him say that? Was it a desire to remain secret? No...surely not, no one searching for an armor-clad magician going by Maouelue would blink twice at the change. 

The Dragon Mage...hmph, some "divine servant" he had turned out to be... The henchmen...slain or gone. Dieter...taken by a monstrosity...and here he cowered, like an urchin. 

He thought of how Dieter used to tell stories of staying out overnight in the forest, or under the stars in the dunegrass... It all sounded much more wondrous coming from a place of nostalgia, but here, he sat, shivering slightly, debating whether he was being pulled or pushed by fate...as if it mattered...

He could choose not to play anymore. Why not? Why not just sit here and refuse to pump the wheel of fortune any further along its ever-hungry trajectory... 

Life.

Dieter.

He must go to him. He must. And perhaps he must trust in this man as well. Ranger...Daran...sure, why not?*

"Come on lady of fate...let's dance again."
*He packs his things, hanging the mace from his belt, just in case...then heads off over the river. He pulls a quarterstaff from his bag to steady himself across the river. He would have to remember to thank the proprietors at Bags of Holding Inc. they sure did make good products.*


Maouelue hops across the bridge pretty deftly.  Some areas creak, but nothing falls off.  Thinking on the ranger, you get a good feeling about him.  Seemed honest and soft spoken.  The scars are definitely badges of honor from battle.  He didn't seem shy about anything.  You can probably ask him more about them without offending him.
"Hullo there! Turns out it does get a bit cold sitting out overnight in this stuff..." *He tugs at his plate collar.*
"Offer still good to take a warm up here?"
