strange-tensionThe time passes slowly, especially in the silence.  Soon, boots are heard outside the hall.  Jelentrianna and two more plate-garbed summer eladrin sway in.  She marches over to a main table in the room, sets out a few scroll cases, then turns to face the group.  "Please continue to arm yourselves.  When you all are ready, we'll go over the plans for the raid on the opposition's main keep."
(Daran's got some good armor, he picked up a couple things, too.  Bellatrix and Benna aren't proficient with that armor.  Or any, for that matter!  Witches!)
Daran takes the mace, and clips it on his belt.  Maouelue sees two gleaming scimitars replace his others.  He also has a newer longbow with golden-fletched arrows.  He was eyeing a cloak as well.  Bellatrix and Benna both take the items, Bellatrix gives a small smile in return.
Updated and saved data for Daran Edermath!
"We are ready. Let us delay no longer."
"Aye.  The Queen tells me you are to make a direct incursion on the Queen of Darkness's keep itself.  The goal is to relieve her of the black crystal and bring it, and her, back to Astrazalian.  This," she takes a deep breath, "is a difficult task.  Some may even say it is impossible.  Militarily, I would say it so with all of our army at the front door.  That being said, a small number would be best to infiltrate and take down the enemy from within.  Not to mention, regardless of whether you succeed or not, your names are already written into legend.  No one has even dared attempt what you four are about to.  Stories go, Queen Titania herself approached the front gates once.  She was able to spirit away after the ground was scorched where she had stood.  So...  know that you have the entire seelie people behind you.  What you do..."  She bows her head for a moment.  She then raises her eyes to Maouelue, who can see the emotion in them.  "We are very appreciative.  I'm good at being a solider.  But it would be good to just be an eladrin again.  Thank you, lord wizard."
"Jelentrianna, may this be the moment that I stop letting my past rule my future, and the moment I make true my place among your people, in whatever way may be."
She smiles and nods.  "This...  would definitely cement that, I should say!"  She laughs, and her honor guard chuckle as well.   The tension felt only moments before seems to drift away, as steam on a cool breeze.
Lumao allows himself a small chuckle with the group, but keeps his eyes on the captain.
Before they leave the armory, Lumao takes a pot shot with his new bow, testing its nock and feathers.


"So, the best we can tell, the enemy keep is...  interred.  Like Mag Tureah, which is the fomorian stronghold, the Queen's keep is well underground in the Feydark.  Since we've never had people go into or come out of the place, we're planning blind here.  The only solid piece of information we have is that there are portals into the keep from a few specific areas around the Feywild.  First, there is said to be a portal at the center of the Maze of Fathaghn.  The dryad Fathaghn is said to have gone into the ground, that she hasn't been seen for some time.  More than likely, no one's been stupid enough to go looking for her.  The second place is the tallest spire in the Fortress of Frozen Tears.  You would have to face the Pale Prince along with extreme cold to best this test.  Lastly, Shinaelestra, or the Fading City, was once to be the Queen of Air and Darkness's birthright.  As a former Spring Eladrin, she was to rule there and bring a new era of peace and prosperity.  It is now a desolate, abandoned ruin.  With it being so close to both the Wild North and Vor Thomil, who knows what has run of the place now.  I can say, with a fair bit of certainty, that the keep can be found through the portals at any of these locations."
"We'd like to provide ground support, but the best I can give you right now, with the other raid happening, is a squadron of five long-range bowmen.  Depending on where you go, they could give you ground cover in the case of something large right away.   Where would your group like to go?"
"We go to the Fortress of Frozen Tears."
Lumao looks around with an icy stare that almost begs someone to challenge this assertion.
They all look strangely at the stare from Maouelue.  The Captain breaks the awkward silence.  "Ah...  very well, lord wizard.  You should look through our cold-weather gear, then.  Right this way."  She leads the group to a small alcove with cabinetry with eladrin made cold clothing.  As you all start parsing through, Daran leans in closer to Maouelue.
"Bellatrix and I should be fine, but...  what if I sent Benna back home, eh?"
"Do as you see fit brother."
He nods, hesitantly.  Then goes over to whisper with Benna.
Benna laughs at him and goes back to clothes shopping.
When the team is set, their packs readied, Captain Jelentrianna ushers Maouelue back to the scrolls.  She unfurls one, giving him the coordinates for the Fortress.  The next she unfurls, it has a general layout of the tower.  Lastly, the third has a writ of passage from the Queen, so transportation should not be an issue.  After all is packaged back up, the eladrin and her honor guard salute Maouelue's team, bowing at the waist.  "Go with courage and honor, lord wizard.  We look forward to seeing you all back when the job is finished."  With that, she turns on her heels and marches out.
"I look forward to this meeting as well. We will see you on the other side of the battle."
