strange-tensionThe bat pings Maouelue sharply with "Danger".  The link is then severed, the wizard feels a pang of loss as the telepathic connection ends.



*Dieter quaffs a potion of healing.*


The druid and the wizard, although going quickly, investigate the area thoroughly.  The two cannot tell if the human is Douglas or not, but they take the corpses features down to relay them to the people in the town, just in case.  The ore veins will take a few hours to mine, the best that you could hope for at the point is to take a few hours and get 6 pounds of ore for the both of you.  (Approx 6 gold).  There is a curious section that looks like it has already been mined, but dirt and debris was piled back up quickly.
With that check, it would take an hour to remove some of the debris from the cavity.  Two hours to completely remove everything.
*This small space obviously leads to nothing
very quickly. Its rough walls show no signs
of the silver ore which had lead the others
further into the rock. An old, wooden post
has been dragged into the area.*
You find yourselves back at the campfire and the bedrolls.
*They both stop moving and listen intently.*
The druid and wizard quiet their bodies and minds and reach out in the darkness for signs of life.  You're facing North.  The tunnels you've travelled are to the West and Northwest.  There is a tunnel directly ahead of you, one to the Northeast, and one due East.  There are muffled sounds coming from every tunnel.  The most active is the Eastern tunnel.
*The adventurers nod at each other and proceed down the North tunnel.*
*The chiselled tunnel leads north into the
darkness. After about 12 feet you come
upon an fork in the path.  The right entrance 
leads to a small room which is support by two vertical
wooden beams. The space beyond is
gloomy. The left passage continues north from
where a foul smell emanates.*
*They turn to enter the small room.*
*Maouelue relights his torch and proceeds deeper into the gloom.*
*The close room is small, approximately 7
foot wide and circular. Large cracks appear
like fault lines moving up the curving walls.
In the gloom you see at the far side of the
room a large nugget of silver caught up in
the loose rubble.*
*Dieter’s eyes lock on to the silver with a gleaming jealousy. He goes over to pick it up, checking first for any traps, having learned his lesson well just prior.*
You have no characters.

The nugget is still hanging tough, but it's loosening.  (Another?)





The silver nugget plops out of the wall with a pop.  Grinding sounds come from the wall, the loose rubble starting to plink down the wall. (Dex saving throw! !s dex)

Small stones start falling, then cracks appear in the ceiling and surrounding walls.  Both men jump out of the way, Mao taking no damage.  Dieter...
...takes 4 points of bludgeoning damage as a large rock falls from the wall and clips him hard in the leg.  That last rock, actually...  It seems like it was thrown?
As the dust starts to settle, the last pebble stop rolling off the scree, you see a bony arm reach out of the wall.  More bones rattle and clatter together, magically forming into a skeletal mess of arms and legs.  At least one arm holds a sword.  It lumbers out of the wall at the two adventurers.


SK1 was added to combat with initiative 1d20 (16) + 2 = `18`.

The skeleton trips over some scree, his three legs stumbling on the loose rocks.  His sword attack on Dieter goes wide.
The new value is out of bounds.









*Maouelue collects the skeleton ash for alchemical purposes.*
And the skeleton explodes in a gout of flame.  The bones are reduced to ashes quickly, leaving a strange metal medallion and glittering ring on the floor.
*As Maouelue gathers the skeletons ashes, he hovers his right palm above the medallion cautiously. Then inspects its markings.*

The amulet is made of gold and has two snakes wrapped around a vertical staff (Amulet of Health).  The ring has some strange runes on it (Ring of Protection).  (History check to see if you recognize or can read the runes.)

Maouelue ponders and ponders.  There's something that scratches at the back of his mind, but he can't quite come up with the particulars.






Looks like it doesn't really. But I can just enter stuff on dndbeyond and update here





*Maouelue directs his mage hand to drop the silver nugget in the bag of holding*
The silver nugget that started all of this is dropped into the bag of holding. (Approx 7 silver.)

*Dieter produces a flame through the crack in the wall to light up the space beyond*


The flame lights up a cavity in the downed wall.  It seems more than one miner has been buried in here.  You both wonder, did these people die of natural causes?  Mine-related situations?  Something more nefarious?  (Investigation checks for more info.)


The two adventurers sift through the bones and rubble.  Dieter makes the discovery that there are many races of bones here - dwarves, humans, animals, goblins, many more.  Thinking back, the skeleton that attacked was a hybrid of several races, all attached at unnatural angles.
