strange-tensionHe checks the door for traps.
Door is locked.  (Perception check, please!)


The door looks really sturdy, but doesn't appear to be trapped.
"Frume, I've always wanted to kick down a door. You with me?"
"Let's do this, boyo!"
(Strength check with adv, or attack roll - if you have unarmed attack - with adv.)

The door buckles, shakes.  Dust rains down from the cavern hall ceiling and comes back at the two from the shaking door.  A crack sounds, but the door still stands strong in the doorway.  (Perception check, please!)

There is moaning coming from beyond the door.  Sounds like a handful of entities, all groaning loudly and approaching.
"Uhhh, on second though, maybe we try the other door?"
Frume nods, shaking his head at the door.  "Woulda been interesting if we knocked it down in one, eh?!"
"Aye. Aye aye aye."
"Why do I get the feeling you're enjoying this?" *He winks.*
"Could be me smile!" He smiles wide.  "Ahoy, lets see what else is gonna try and kill us down here!"
"Indeed. Maybe we listen a bit more closely *prior* to kicking this one in, eh?"
Frume nods, then shakes his head, chuckling.
Dieter leans his ear up to the seam in the door.

Seems fine.  You should totally go in.
"Ok, this one's all clear. Let's do this!!!"

The door is unlocked and swings wildly in, banging against the interior wall.  The room is dimly lit by a small forge sitting against the north wall.   Various packs and belongings are scattered here and there, giving this room a look of being lived in, opposed to some of the other rooms you've visited.  There is a large tapestry on the E wall.  (Religion check for more info.)  There is also a ladder in the NW corner leading to a wooden trapdoor.  (Perception checks, please!)



Frume is still very interested in whatever is behind you guys, so he is wandering off back down the corridor.  Dieter senses a whirring, whoosing sound, but can't seem to see where the sound is coming from.  Doesn't seem like this room would have a draft...

As Dieter looks at the tapestry further, it is beautifully made, but very old.  Soot stains the majority of the fabric, but a simple decoration of a castle on a hill with various villagers and houses dotting the landscape can be seen.  Dieter looks closer, though, and through the simple weavings, he can see something else unfolding.  He puts his face almost right against it, staining his nose black with soot.  This might be the *back* of the original tapestry...
Dieter takes note of the whirring but decides to take a look at the back of the tapestry first.
Frume hears the commotion and comes in, looking at the picture as well.
"Good lord!" He notices Frume entering, "Have you ever seen anything like *this?*"
"Never.  Looks like a good knit, too.  Must be one of the Cult pieces, eh?"
"I suppose so." Dieter takes a few minutes to commit the scene to memory, then goes in search of the noise, pressing his ears to the various wall whence the whirring is emanating.

Dieter looks, searches, strains to hear and see what he was missing initially.  Nothing shows.  The small, hot fire crackles near the forge, that's all he hears now.
Still bewildered, he begins knocking on the walls to try an hear any echoes beyond.
No sounds emanate from the knocking, the walls are solid clay.  Scree falls here and there, but other than that, nothing.
Frustrated at his seeming hallucination, Dieter makes his way to the SW door and checks for signs of traps mechanisms before checking whether it is locked.

Dieter, wary of these doors down here, searches for traps.  Finding none, he checks the door.  It turns easily in his hand.
"Thank goodness." He enters cautiously and casts glances around.
A short hall awaits beyond.
He proceeds to the end and looks...left.
...and again.
The druid looks upon the end of the hall to a storage area, of sorts.  An armor stand is visible, holding a fine chain shirt.  There is a weapon rack attached to the E wall with two gleaming short swords.  A long sword is leaning against the NE corner.  At the base of the armor stand, a small chest is opened, revealing two standard potions of healing, and a third potion which Dieter is unable to identify on sight.
(I couldn't get the items set up visually in Roll20, sorry!)
Dieter, ever cautious in this never-ending maze, peers over the items as it it's too good to be true. He looks again for any traplike shennanigans.
No traps, everything looks legit.  Nothing yells out at being magical at first glance, but everything looks very well made.  Maybe even elven in make.
"Maouelue would love to see these...I hope he gets to some day..."
Thinking fondly of his friend and the forge they made together, he swallows his misgivings about the metal armor in deference to practicality, then dons the rest.
The chain shirt is exceptionally lightweight, fitting well to you.  The weapons seem light in your grip as well.  
(Roll arcana - at your own risk!   Mwahahaha!!)

.....................

