strange-tension“My Queen, I Lumao Albrek do formally request that I may undertake the Trials of the Eldar, to prove my honor and claim my birthright!”
She looks completely taken aback by the statement.  "You...  you know what that means, yes?"
“I must admit, much as everything in my life, I seem to know but only enough to be pushed unrelenting to my fate. My ears are open, as are my heart and soul. Whatever the risks, they are mine alone to bear. For now I listen.”
She looks at Maouelue, earnestly.  "This book has in it a dire warning of those marks.  I would hinder you not from going on your quest, taking the trials.  But Maouelue, please know what you are asking both of me and of this kingdom.  Anyone who bears that mark is not allowed in the Feywild upon punishment of death.  The great laws demand it so.
"It goes back to the last statement of your ancestor, as they were banished from this land.  A destiny was put upon any with the mark.  They are to be the ruin of the eladrin. 
 They are to be the bringer of balefire down upon the planes.  They will be as a plague upon the free peoples of the world.  And they are to search out and find the core of the Dragon Prophecy and begin the calamity.  If you continue on your path, this *will be* your destiny.  I fear not only for your life, Wizard.  I fear for your soul."
The ancestor of Albrek does not move, does not make a sound. He stoops still, stoically staring into not the space in front of him. In and out of focus, time turns elastic. He feels a deep roar swelling from his core, like a supernova of emotion teeming to the brink, then finally eventing, piercing the precipice of pressure, the crest of the wave, the horn of the dragon sounding out its woe of tidings. The ferocious din gathering inside wells up through his voice and now the Dragon Mage rises up off the ground, raising his taut face to the sky, baring his chest upwards, then...

"rrrrrRRRrRrRRRRRRRRAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAaAAAAAaaAAAaAaAaAggGGHGG!!!!"
*In a flash, all of the pent up emotion, the years of towing the line, treading the path cut before him with lies, deceit, and ulterior motive, lashes out in a zealous fury! As Bahamut spares not the life before him that is without redemption, so forth does this uproarious ebullition, woefully warbled by the weary and worn wizard, spare not the sanctity and serenity of this place. It bears no heed for the Queen's prophetic words. Pure release, that born of the same energies that push all causes forth, those that continue to push boundaries of polarity only to be resisted inevitably by the grand wheel, the great equal, the inevitable return. From here and always, the recapitulation is always nigh.*
As the roar issues forth from the mage, the centerpiece of a cosmic game of tug-of-war, a wild surge of magic issues forth.  Soldiers come in, Daran as well, and see chaos.  Maouelue is floating in the middle of the room, cloaked in a sphere of silvery, wispy light.  Queen Titania, and all of the other objects in the room, are tossed about, then are reatracted to the ceiling in a sudden reversal of gravity.  Everything lands with a *thump*, and even a couple soldiers, the first ones to the Queen's aid, go shooting  upwards.  Daran tries to yell out for Maouelue's attention...

He dare not enter the room, but he yells from the doorway, keeping everyone out at same time.  "Maouelue!  What are you doing?!"
A glowing eye turns to Daran, but there is little recognition there, this is something from deep within the mage that seems to have overridden his conscience.
A mage from the other room tries to think quickly.

The spell pulses through the floating mage, dimming, but not extinguishing the burst of light. Lumao falls to the floor, slamming down hard, unconscious.
Blackness overtakes Maouelue.  Dread dreams of darkness, where dragons dwell.  The snatches of images are brief, but what Maouelue will remember is the fear and uncertainty all around him.

He wakes in a comfortable bed, the setting sunlight streaming through the open windows.  It's a simple room, simple wooden bed.  The room is small and quaintly adorned.  Bellatrix sits next to the wizard, ringing out a cloth and is about to put it to his head when she notices he's awake.  She freezes, watching with wide eyes.  Waiting.
He blinks a few times, then raises his arm to shield the piercing sunlight. His vision begins to resolve.

"...Bella?"
"What...what happened?"
She stammers, mouth opening and closing.  Then she closes her mouth and throws herself at Maouelue, hugging him and crying softly.  "Oh, Mao.  I'm so sorry.  You must have been so scared.  It's...  It's...  Oh Mao, it's all my fault."
He is slow to react at first, surprised at her thrown embrace, then he wraps his arms around her, holding her close. Closing his eyes again, he says, "How? How could this be *your* fault? What happened?"
