strange-tensionAs the pressure corrects from his vision, Maoeulue first hears loud booms as if through a wet piece of cloth - a long way off and very muffled.  When he stops seeing double, his view centers on a nearly nude woman standing over a steaming, crackling cookstove.
The pragmatic ladies take the price for all he is worth. 

The Magnanimous mage is left dumbstruck by the scene in front of him and glances quickly behind the see whether the ladies...Bellatrix...was there.
“Your sister sends her regards.”
The woman whips her black hair over her shoulder, looking at Maouelue through her periphery.  "Which one," she says in a heavy outlander accent.  "I have *so* many."
“Indeed, I am also one with a curiosity of siblings. Perhaps I should introduce myself first. Lumao Albrek at your service.”
She goes back to what she was doing, flipping her hair back over her shoulder.  "Who you are matters not to me.  Leave me be.  I have to finish this before the ceiling comes crashing down on all of us."
Another thick *boom* shakes the floor slightly.
As Maouelue gets a better sense of the room, he sees exits (doors) in front of him, beyond the woman and her work, to his right, and behind him.
Slightly off-put, the mage is not used to being dismissed so readily. He second guesses his presumptions. “Are...are you not the one they call The Queen of Air and Darkness?”
She cackle-laughs loudly, gaining momentum until she catches a plume of wafting smoke and falls to coughing.  Cough-hacking turns to more cackles and laughter until she stops abruptly, taking a deep breath away from the cookfire.  She turns to Maouelue to take the breath, and he's able to get a very good look at her.  (Perception check, please!)


As the woman turns around, the first thing Maouelue notices is that she could be Bellatrix's sister.  Astonishingly beautiful, curvaceous, and, again, wearing just the barest of gossamer gowns, she is stunning.  As she looks up at him, however, the eyes betray her.  Bloodshot and a sickly bright green, the image flickers for a second and Maouelue can see the horror within.  A grotesque, hunchbacked woman with only one eye, boils all over her body, and a gangrenous green tint to all of her mottled black-blue skin, the hag is a nightmare incarnate.   As quick as the vision comes, though, it vanishes and again Maouelue is staring at a beautiful stranger.   

"Queen Mab is...  away on...  let's say *business*.  Would you like me to call for her?  If she recognizes the name, she could indeed return quickly!"  She takes a step closer to the Dragon Mage.  Maouelue can now hear faint shouts in the distance, as if from a fight.
*Bahamut, forgive me this preemptive judgement...*

Maouelue moves his hand deftly behind his shield and quick-draws the dagger of venom, flicking it out like a wyrm’s tongue, keen on finding its meal.


5 [piercing] +
DC15 CON Fail 9 [poison]
The knife comes out of nowhere, black and slimy, to pierce the hag's heart.  She looks down while dropping the illusion.  The black poison tries to leech itself into the wound, onto her skin, it tries to find any purchase it can on the woman.  She cackles as is drips down her chest and puddles on the floor, ineffective.  "Well, now, dearie," she says in a now heavily cockneyed accent, "Tha wasn't nice attal, now, was it?"  She tilts her head to the side and moves her hands in a clockwise motion, blue flame erupting between her fists!
AN1 was added to combat with initiative 1d20 (3) + 1 = `4`.

(Only a matter of time... 🙂
“Let’s get cold.”



"Heh, heh, heh...  Tha feels fine with me.  Jus don't ruin my...  experiment, aye?!"

The thing is incredibly fast, launching at Maouelue, clutching her to her chest, and squeezing the life from him!

The hag moves to grab the mage and is rebuffed!
“Elkamigo!”


GI1 was added to combat with initiative 1d20 (3) + 3 = `6`.

"Tha wasn very nice, lovie..."

(I've been bad with these...)
*(Pulled muscle - disadvantage on melee attacks, strength checks, automatically take 1 level of exhaustion.)*
The bite seems to take quite a bit out of the disgusting woman.  She's slower and is having trouble focusing on the two.

She shakes her head feebly as her attacks go wide.





Effect Maouelue's Metallicomets removed from Maouelue.
Effect Grappled removed from Maouelue.

The hag jumps on the back of the elk, just to make sure she can effect it.  Once on, she starts crushing it with her body.  Maouelue hears a heavy *MWAAAWR* and sees the beast fall under the hag.

The mage’s metal ripples with electricity as he readies himself for the witch’s approach.
[Readied Spell on melee]


The hag, mouth bloodied with a piece of meat ripped from the elk, looks towards Maouelue and jumps to bite at him.  As she finds a soft spot in his armor, she is blasted backwards.  Recovering, she tries again!


“It’s time to end this.”


“Almost time.”
"Well, dearie...  this has been fun.  But I might have to meet you again...  with my sisters."  She wipes blood off her gross mouth, then holds her bloody, dripping hands out.

Immediately, a fog encircles the room.  Maouelue hears a *thud* from within the room.
Maouelue pushes his way through the fog trying to make out the source of the noise.


