strange-tension“Bellatrix! Do mine eyes deceive me?!...Alas, I’ve made sure yours do you! My dear, fellow healer, please ignore my glamorous appearance. It is I, Maouleue. I am here to finish what I no doubt didn’t start, but sure as hell raked up!”
"Maouelue?!  Well, that is good news!"  She goes to shake, but decides to curtsy instead.  "And this must be Dieter, welcome back goodsirs."  She curtsies again.
*Ouelue chuckles.*
“Ah no, hehe...yes, I suppose that one’s on me. This here is my acquaintance and well, savior of a sort, Daran. He has shown me good faith and broken bread with me of his own accord. He helped me in a time of great need as did you that one...fateful day...”
“Daran, meet Bellatrix, a healer, friend, and if I dare say, a longer sufferer of these machinations than myself. Heston and Vam can vouch as well.”
“But pardon the pleasantries, pray can we pull up by the hearth and take on some warm vittles? We need to make a plan and fast. We would have news of what moves in these parts, if you can give them.”
The ranger stands and folds his arm across his chest, bows to the woman.  Bellatrix is taken aback for a moment by the show of chivalry, then smiles at Ouelue.  "Handsome *and* good with formalities.  I'm impressed with the company you keep, good wizard."  She curtsies back to Daran.
Vam sits up, waves a hand to say he's okay to do so, and starts to rise.  "Let's head to the fire.  I'd like some... vittles, too."  He smirks at Ouelue.  Softly, to the wizard, he says, "Pardon me saying, you make a comely lass, friend."
“Hah! You should have known him when his name was Truth-or-Daran!”
“*Aye, and I make a lassie come!*” *He winks privately to Vam.*
Vam busts out laughing.  He puts an arm around Ouelue, partially to help lead him out, partially because he might fall over for laughing too hard.  Daran, almost imperceptibly, blushes and follows the group out, careful to make sure everyone goes before him.
*The discipline of Bahamut is one of Life after all. And what’s more lively than making more life?*
The fire crackles as the five sit around it.  The two women helpers get Vam comfortable and Heston brings bowls of thick venison stew and fresh bread.
(Ma)ouelue is in high spirits right now, not jubilant, but excited, envigorated with purpose and comradely. (S)he gathers everyone around the hearth and begins to speak to the group in a dramatic and hushed whisper. Speech becomes a song of love and devotion. A condemnation for the masses who have, for honesty, been asked for apology by those who enjoy the silence. Those who wear guilt like shackles on their feet. A halo in reverse.
(S)he proffers a blank page of her spellbook-cum-tome of faith.
“Here, I stand, with the book in my hand, truth on my side. I will not substitute blindness for kindness. If anyone can smell a lie, let the accusations fly, but time after time I feel elation...hiiiigh...at the personal faith that I can feel reach out from each of you. Never again is what we swore the time before this madness happened again. Let us not be hos to these pimpfs! Reach out! Touch faith! Arise warriors of the light!”
*(Ma)ouelue’s transformation has elicited a sped-up style.*
They all are on fire with the words.  Heston is physically on the edge of his seat, legs bouncing in anticipation of a fight.  Daran, calmer, shows it in his eyes.  Although outwardly calm and resolute, Ouelue sees a spark in the elf's eyes that probably hasn't been there for quite some time.  Vam is impressed, too, but he is more subdued.  Their host sits forward and wipes his mouth with a checked cloth.  "Those are some powerful, powerful words.  And we are all proud and excited to be behind you and yours, friend.  The thing is...  we just don't have the numbers.  Not here, at least.  The way I see it, we can call these fuckers out, storm the castle, ride in on white steeds, the whole fucking deal.  But they've got things I've only seen in my nightmares.  And by the wagon load, to boot.  Might be best to take the word on the road, see what help we can drum up in, say, Neverwinter?  Or even Waterdeep?  Hell, Silverymoon might even have a hundred strong to ride with us, wipe the shits out in one go?  Unless you have a different idea already?"
“We’ve a man on the inside.”
Vam studies the wizards face for a long moment.  The others look tensely at each other.  Vam says, "Dieter?"
“Aye. He is within.” (S)he looks long in Vam’s eyes. 
“How many are loyal to us in Oakhurst?”
He swallows, wipes his mouth again, shakes his head.  "I don't think you understand, son.  There is no more Oakhurst."
“Kirra, Denson, Saynea?”
“Surely they are not *all* gone!”
Vam lowers his eyes, looking simultaneously very sad and very old.  "I didn't see what happened to Kirra.  Denson fell.  Saynea was taken back to their camp, wherever that is."
"Only two buildings are fully intact from the burnings - the tavern and the shrine."
“Ilmater...I wonder what became of the healer.”
"Don't know that I ever saw what happened to her in all the craziness.  Just noticed the place was untouched.  Must have suffered enough, eh?"  He chuckles, somberly.
