strange-tensionThe trio move off back across the bridge and around the circle, heading for the northern-most exit.  A sharp right (N) turn leads the friends down a short flight of icy stairs and into a very large room.  At the far end of the room (in the W) stands another large brick of ice, the same dimensions as the other.
Mao once again raises a hand to the ladies and steps forward, what with being a...what was it again? Tenir? Maouleue couldn’t remember, but at any rate he *feels* like a chosen one.
He leans in close to the ice and inspects it all round.
Lumao doffs his gauntlets and reaches out, touching faith.
Maouelue's hand rests on the ice block for a beat, enough time for him to notice that it is slightly warmer than the rest of the room around him.  Suddenly, he is transported to a small, sunlight-strewn room reminiscent of a green-house.  A variety of plants adorn the room, and the colors range through the rainbow, showering the room in brilliance.  Directly in front of Maouelue, a small table holds a very unique plant.  It is potted and just starting to grow, and has a small purple bulb at it's top.  Two small barrels are next to it.
Maouelue begins by inspecting the lot of plants around before honing in on the contents of the barrels and the plant in the place of honor. 
“What m mysteries lie below this frozen fortress! I wonder if there are more writings in here?”
The wizard moves cautiously through the flowering plants, curious and calculating.  Multi-hued roses bloom, hydrangea, gardenia, hyacinth, iris, lily...  all full and exploding in color.  Quite a contrast from the slate blue-grey-white of the ice palace.  As he meanders and approaches the small table, the purple petal atop the newly-sprouted plant opens.  As it blooms, it shows that it has facial features.  The mouth opens to say, in a high, quiet voice, "Welcome traveler.  There are two barrels of magical sap next to my table.  Feed me and I shall grow."
Maouelue obliges.
He inspects the cask on the left first, checking for how the lid opens, pulling out his dagger to pry if needed.
The cask is sealed tightly, but Maouelue can take some time to look at it and pry off the lid.  Inside is a deep blue, viscous liquid.  Looking around, there is nothing to transfer the sap to the plant, however.
He also attempts to open the second one the same way.
The second opens, the same blue liquid, just less of it.
"How do you take your feeding, ser plant?"
"That is up to you, saer mage," it says cryptically.
Maouelue takes out his small knife and dips it into the container on the right, pulling up the viscous sap and proceeds to drop some, like so much honey, onto the soil around the plant.
Slowly, drop by drop, Maouelue feeds the strange plant.  With each drop, the stalk reaches to higher, the purple petals grow a deeper hue.  Eventually, it looks fully developed, healthy and beaming.

"Thank you, wizard."  Two seeds then sprout from under on of the leaves, and it continues, "One is for you, one is to plant.  Use them wisely."
"Thank you, most gracious and well-spoken of flora. Pray tell me, would you like to join your cohort on the sides of this room? I could give your offspring a head start here in this most fertile of soils."
It bows to Maouelue, and raises its 'face' to his.  "Thank you, kind saer.  But I believe I would like to stretch my legs myself."  

The dirt starts shifting and Maouelue sees two root-legs come out and breech over the pot's edge.  They land on the table, and with a large, full-bodied stretch, the small plant takes a couple steps and hops down off the table to meander itself among its brethren.
"Will these marvels never cease!" Maouelue jests to himself. He begins to plant the second seed and calls out to the plant, "If I may, what are you called, master plant?"

Although Maouelue is fairly knowledgeable about nature and even arcane-based flora and fauna, this one puzzles him.  He remembers reading, some time ago, about a species of sentient tree-folk, but the name and exact details of it escape him. 

"Call me sapling, dear mage.  Once I mature past my smallest stage, I will know a proper name and my place in...  whiche'er world I shall be a part of.  For now...  I am just...  sapling."
"Very well, sapling, I shall do so. Do you have a regular "gardener" in this place?"
"The Prince comes every now and again, but he does not tend my family or I.  He is not allowed.  Only the seekers shall tend and reap the rewards...  or despoil us and be punished."
Maouelue looks around for a moment, considering just how many "seekers" there might be. 

"One more thing before I part...May I take some of this sap to nurture this seed, or am I to be left to my own for such a thing?"
The sapling turns to Maouelue and smiles.

"You are the first to ask.  Absolutely you may.  And may the Earth Mother bless you and the seed you shall plant."
