strange-tensionThe room erupts in laughter.  Dark, deep, booming laughs, almost as if they were hoping for this action.  The man in the chair, the most jovial of all, steps closer to the man on the floor, kneels down, and now a full view of the man is available.
He has slicked back dark hair, thinning in front.  An almost handlebar, bushy moustache covers his pale face.   A few scars on his cheek and forehead mar his otherwise fairly handsome face.  Debonair, even.
He looks down at Culver with a smile that doesn't touch his eyes.  He grabs the man on the floor by his throat.
Suddenly, a man in dark robes runs over to the mustachioed man and whispers in his ear.  His eyes go wide and he yells at the robed man, "WHERE?!  Find it!  End it NOW!"
Bellatrix drops the knife and the mirror turns back to its reflective surface.  She's breathing heavily and looking worried.
*The companions are agitated and fretful at this nefarious revelation.*
Bellatrix looks genuinely shaken.  She takes a shuddering breath.  "I have no idea where that was, I didn't recognize anyone in the vision.  Did any of you?"
She looks at Maouelue.  "They knew I was scrying on them.  They had a mage there that detected it.  I thought that was impossible."
Bellatrix shakes her head, "No, I ended the scry when I felt him searching for it.  They haven't seen us and I don't believe they can reverse the spell."
Douglas has been strangely quiet.  Could be that he's shy.  Could be something else.  (Perception check.)



"Okay, okay, I think they're talking about me.  It's probably about those rune coins.  I recognize the man, but I have no idea who he is.  Just know him by reputation.  He's the one who originally sent us to the mine, wanted to find out more about those coins.  But after months of digging, we only found a handful.  No idea what he wanted, but it sounds like he's seriously angry about me not checking in.  Don't know why he would take it out on Culver, though."
"I don't know, I honestly don't!  I wish I did, I...  I couldn't stand seeing Culver like that..." His voice breaks.
"I might know where I can get info, though.  We have to get back to Oakhurst."
*The rush toward the door Maouelue looks back at Trix’*
She lowers her head, "I'm sorry, I cannot leave here.  I will continue to work to find Culver.  If I find anything else, I'll send word into town.  Be safe.  Come find me if you need any more supplies."
*As Dieter sees Maouelue turn and join, he beckons the group to follow hit at pace and charges off down the path.*

It's coming down still, but not nearly as hard.  It's dark out, but Dieter leads the group expertly through the woods.



(Yeah, okay!)  Everyone follows Dieter.  Douglas sees something coming closer to him, but the group is moving so well, the thing is left behind quickly.  The edge of town comes into view, and the pace is picked up.  Right at the entrance to town, by The Bending Oak, the crew stops to catch their breath.
Douglas rights himself from being doubled over, taking in heavy breaths.  He stretches his back, nods at you, still winded, and starts moving toward The Pig and Falcon.
You all see a mob of people spilling out of the tavern.
Douglas slows, "Maybe we should go in through the back?..."
*The party quickly follows to the tavern, thankful they will not be completely ghosting the adoring townsfolk, but heed Douglas' suggestion nonetheless.*



Douglas says, "How about this, we'll split up.  I'll take one of you and go around back, meet my contact.  The other can give this crowd what it wants, eh?"
*Dieter produces his trademark unnecessary flame in search of oohs and aahs.*
*Maouelue follows Douglas silently around back, rolling his eyes at his ostentatious companion, but smiling inwardly a bit as well, as we are wont to do with the ones we love.*
A farmer, about seven drinks past his limit, first spies Dieter and his flame trick.  He is over the top flamboyant in his praise and awe.  He taps all of his buddies on their shoulders, getting more people into the throng of wonder.  More people from inside the establishment hear the commotion and try to barrel their way out to see.
(Performance check, if you want to do anything fancy!)

*Dieter is not so used to wielding his flames in such small spaces, but he manages a passable flame formed bear for their amusement.*
A hush rolls through the crowd when Dieter moves his hands rapidly around his ball of flame.  A bear appears, then grows, as Dieter plies his craft.  The bear grows to four feet high, amazing the people.  It moves forward into the tavern, carving a way for Dieter.  As he makes his comment, a roar goes up and a mug of ale is stuffed into your right hand, a strong smelling cup of something jammed into your left.
The two stealthy blokes enter in the rear of The Pig and Falcon silently, surprising the bulbous cook.
"Oy, you two!  Give a man a heart attack!  Can't you see I'm working me arse off here!  I don't need surprises, too.  Get outta here!"
Douglas nods to the cook and quickly heads to the busy main room.
*Not one to shy away from an adoring crowd, Dieter shows them his "drink two beers at once" trick.*

