strange-tensionDaran shrugs, smiling.  Waving to the woman shop-keep, the group leaves to make their way to the Queen's Smile.  Along the way, they pass through the market again, basking in the glory that is elven art.  Farther north, where the rainbow-hued road branches in a few dozen directions around a circle, the road north is a golden hue, with the sign posted *Sun Walk* in beautiful etching.  Daran trudges along the golden road, taking in the sights and sounds.  Eventually the group comes to a finely decorated two-story building.  Trees and gardens surround the entire building, mixing with the aromas carried on the soft breeze.   The first floor, around the entrance, has elegant outdoor dining areas, and the second floor has a balcony where customers are already laughing and chattering gaily.  A great sense of peace and calm exudes from the place, making Maouelue wonder if the whole building isn't magically charmed some way.
Maouelue smiles and leads on to the restaurant's entrance, indicating they would like a table for four outdoors. Their friends would arrive after awhile.
A spry young elf lad hop-skips through the indoor seating to get the group a nice table outside.  As the sunshine warms faces, Maouelue is able to rest for the first time in what seems like a very, *very* long time.  Breads and some spreads come out, and the spry elf gives both men magically laminated parchment menus.  The waiter says, "Welcome to the Queen's Smile.  We have the menu options as well as a curated, four-course meal, if you would prefer.  Please let me know I there's anything I can do for your.  Would you like to start off with something to drink?"
"As it is my first time here, I would defer to the chef's discretion. Such is my custom. However, we were directed to order the Baked Chaos Sunfish and the Goldflower Buns, so let us put in two orders of those to come out after awhile. My friends will return with carriage and an appetite! As for beverage, what nectar of the local flower do you have on offer?"
The waiter bows low and says, "Welcome to our humble restaurant, then, travelers.  The Elverquisst is a must, if you haven't had it before.  And I guarantee, even if you've had it elsewhere, even on another plane, it is much different here."  He smiles.  "A bottle for the table, yes?"  Maouelue sees the Elverquisst is 40 gold.
"Let us have at! Treats all round!"
The waiter bows low again, then hastens away to the kitchens.  (Perception check, please!)

There are a lot of conversations going on around the group.  Between the crowd in the streets and the patronage of the food-house, Maouelue's senses are hard-pressed to find a line of conversation that sticks out.  There is one table that is a few over from the party that is talking in animated, hushed tones.
Maouelue leans in to Daran slightly and whisper under his breath, "Can you catch what they're saying over there?"

Daran closes his eyes and looks to be in meditation.  The cacophony swells.
His eyes open wide, and his mouth gapes.
Cautious not to overreact, Maouelue raises and eyebrow questioningly at Daran.
"Well.  They're very interested in us.  But it seems that there is another new arrival to the city.  Or maybe not so new..." Daran frowns, trying to piece it all together.  "They are workers near the docks.  They said there is a ship that's supposedly been asea for over 90 years that's just put into port.  Most of them are scoffing, but there's one that recognizes the name.  And confirms it's over 100 years old.  Odd that, right?"
"To be fair it is hard to know what is novel in this land, especially after your note about the passage of time here. Could it be that the ship also had some extra-planar experience?"
"Could be, true.  Haven't heard about any crossovers in the waters, but it would beg to reason there should be, aye."   He trails off, thinking.

The waiter comes back with two bottles and a sliced loaf of bread on a cutting board.  "Here we are, the goldflower bread, freshly baked.  It pairs excellently with our pixie spreads.  The chaos sauce is particularly nasty, so I brought a sample of it here, just in case either of you would like to try it before the main course comes."  He gives a sly chuckle.  "I have here the Elverquisst, aged and bottled right here in Faerie.  And this is a bottle of Feywild wine.  A standard here, but since you are from beyond, please accept the chef's gift to you, our travelling guests!"  He makes a show of presenting the bottle to Maouelue, then, with many flourishes, draws and pours the Elverquisst.  The ramekin of chaos sauce is sending up little sparks.
Maouelue nods respectfully to the server, waits for his retreat, then begins to sample a bit of everything.

The bread is fluffy and light, and soaks up anything put on it or dipped in.  Maouelue and Daran try the chaos sauce together.

And they are both very pleased with it!  Daran's not overly fond of high spice, and it is rare to find many elves that are, but the taste and the heat pair well together.  The two settle in to the wine as well.  The first sip goes to Maouelue's head, but he's able to shake away the centered effect.

Daran, on the other hand, pauses for a few moments, drink halfway to set on the table.  A good 30 seconds later, Daran closes his eyes and shakes his head.  Then looks at Maouelue and laughs!
"Some vintage!"
“Quite pleasant indeed!” Maouelue states cooly. 
“I wonder when that carriage will arrive. It sounds like we’ll be riding in style eh there Daran?” He slaps him on the back with a air of friendly banter.
