strange-tensionMaouelue clambers through the hallway towards the slobbering sounds.  A loud clanging starts up in the W just as the metal mage peeks into the room.  The crystal takes up the center portion, but there are tables and chairs lining the room, as if it were a ceremonial destination.  Maouelue can see there is an exit to the W, being blocked by a distracted...  dog?  No other egress can be seen.  There is an angled stone wall behind him, and all around the room are stone walls with bas-reliefs depicting the Queen of Air and Light in all her victorious glory.

Maouelue tucks in just beside the Chardalyn and pulls out his bow, aiming for the head.

The arrow goes very wide, due to the fletching catching on the bow-string.  Maouelue will have to use his next action to either change weapons or quick repair the string.
The dog-man (bear-pig) sees the arrow fly overhead and turns to look at the metal mage.  It snarls...
YE1 was added to combat with initiative 1d20 (8) + 3 = `11`.
Maouelue removed from combat.
AN1 removed from combat.
YE1 was added to combat with initiative 1d20 (17) + 3 = `20`.
YE1 removed from combat.
YE1 was added to combat with initiative 11.

The man-faced dog bounds towards the metal mage, snarling, foam streaming from it's mouth...


“Too close for missiles...” Maouelue quips, “I’m switching to guns.” As he says this, he drops the bow on the spot, pulling out the mace and shield and clangs them together fiercely sending a smiting bolt as the sound clatters around the room.

The mage mutters something that sounds vaguely like “For King of Ray.”
There is a yipping, then a barking from outside the room as the hound whips it's head around.  Then it bays...
(BTW, when Mao sidled up to the crystal, did he touch it by chance?)
(Well, then....)
As the man-(bear-)dog-(pig?) starts to howl, a darkness descends in the room, cutting off Maouelue's senses.  A familiar pressure comes upon the mage, and, after an intense, crushing feeling, Maouelue is shuttled back to the throne room of the Pale Prince.  

It is an absolute mess.  The walls and floors are cracked, the ground is shaking immensely, and Bellatrix and Benna are completely freaking out.
“How *you* doin?”
"Terrible, actually...  Part of the ceiling fell on Benna, she's got a big gash in her head.  Where in the Nine did you go?  We tried touching the crystal, nothing happened!"
“The *Queen’s* fortress from what I can tell. Agh! Benna! Come, come with me and I will give aid!”
He takes them both bodily and lunges back for the crystal!
The air compresses, the crushing begins...  (d100 please!)
The crushing abates, the groups collective double vision clears and focuses on a sparsely furnished room with myriad backpacks and satchels on the floor, all around the place.  Stacked against a few walls are swords, shields, pikes, halberds, and general purpose weapons of war.  A few chests are thrown open, their contents picked through.  There are a couple that are still closed.  A wardrobe is in the NW corner of the room, it's door flung wide, it's contents of finery scattered on the ground.

There is a wide passageway into an empty room to the W.  Fine rugs and tapestries can be seen on the wall, illuminated by several ornate wall sconces.  A *scritch...  scritch*  can be heard from that room.
Maouelue s founded the room for curatives and ammunition as he beckons Bella to settle Benna as best she can.



The armor clunks heavily as Maouelue pounds through the room, trying to find restoratives for his companions and other goodies.  Hundreds of pieces of ammunition (standard) lie about - arrows, bolts, and marble-sized ball bearings used in slings.  There is one healer's kit, a box of bandages and gauze with some ointment in a glass vial, and two standard potions of healing.  

Bellatrix notices another box of healer supplies and makes quick work of bandaging her sister.  Benna is stable, the blood has been staunched (for now), and Bellatrix rises and looks to Maouelue.

Unnoticed, until now, is a small, cloaked man - a young man, no more than 17 years old, elfin, hood down to show his close cropped blonde hair and surprised expression - looks upon the unfolding chaotic scene.

"Wh...  wh....    who are you?  Hhhh..  Hh..  How did you gg..  get in hh..  here?"
Maouelue turns to the elf, “Shhhhh.... young one, there are forces stirring here that you would do well to flee. But, pray, tell me, just where is *here*? For we have come by, erm, rather unconventional means.”
He takes a deep breath, glad not to be thrown into a fight.  

Meekly, eyes darting between Maouelue and the women, he says, "'Tis the Fortress of the Queen of Air and Darkness, lord knight.  The fighting began some time ago, and she has fled.  She bade me stay here and keep watch, and scribe the events of the battle.  I have been doing what I can, with her scrying beacons around the keep.  We are many leagues underground, I cannot understand how the Court's forces were able to find us here.  Have you come to stem the tide?  To push the enemy back, brave knight?"  He looks up, wide eyed and innocently pleading.
“I am the Queen’s chosen and yes, young one, I have indeed come to stem the tide and lay low the enemy. The Queen’s teleportation magic is...a bit erratic at times, so I thank you for your service in our reorientation. So that I can complete the Queen’s mission, can you recount for me, quickly, what has transpired here this far?”

