strange-tension"I let the darkness out.  It is my fault.  You...  you and the Queen, you went to a side room.  The others said she did some sort of reading and that you and she had severe words.  She was concerned about your heritage and whether you had designs on her kingdom.  Madness, all of it.  And all of it laid at my feet.  You both had recessed in the side room, and then an explosion happened.  We heard it from the second floor, across the castle.  Daran said he saw you hovering off the ground and that gravity reversed itself.  The Queen was unconscious and the room was in turmoil.   Naturally, Daran tried to help.  He said you would never, but some guards and soldiers carried Titania away, and the rest escorted us out of the castle.  

"We're at an inn at the outskirts of the city.  Just outside of the Eastern docks.  They said we can have passage away from Astrazalian.  They said we can travel in the other lands, but are long longer welcomed by the Court.  Oh, I'm so sorry, Maouelue."  She cowers again against the wizard's chest.
The gravity of these words falls over the elf like an icy sheet. He shudders for a moment, but otherwise remains motionless, thinking. *Surely this can't have been all Bella's doing.* His zeal had gotten the better of him yet again, but it would not end here. No way. There were still too many questions left unanswered. *The Queen...* Once again, memory is a fit of haze. *What happened?!?* He would have to set this right. Soon. Now. There would be no future chance.
There's a soft knock on the closed door.
"We leave for Mag Tureah tonight."
He pulls himself from Bella's embrace and goes to answer the door.
"Who goes there?"
"Otirnis, lord wizard.  Bearing a parting gift from the Queen and Court."
Lumao opens the door, a tear frozen in the corner of his eye. "Otirnis, it is good of you to come. You are welcome here."
She bows, hand to shoulder.  Then straightens and presents the book from the side room to Maouelue.
"The Queen sends her regrets that she is not able to deliver this in person.  She wishes you and your party well.   And she said to tell you, if you decide the opposite road of that which you have discussed before, she would be open to speaking again."
"Otirnis," he places his hand on his heart. "I will speak with the Queen."
The eladrin nods, salutes again, and says, "Very well.  Follow me."
Lumao looks back at Bella, “Let us ready ourselves for the journey ahead. We will meet again with the Queen.” He turns back to Otirnis, “If it please her majesty, I would have us *all* attend.” He glances meaningfully at Bella, then assembled his things and begins to don his armor.
Otirnis adds, "I will wait by the front doors.  At your leisure, lord wizard."  Carrying her things already, Bellatrix helps Maouelue with his armor.
After a customary final sweep of the premises, the two leave through the front door to join their eldarin guard. “I am sorry to bring such trouble to your realm, Otirnis. Would that we could have met under different circumstances.”
Otirnis gives Maouelue a long glance, not showing any inner thought or prejudice.  Just a review of the man she sees before her.  "You are special, Maouelue.  You and your group.  Far be it for me to hold your presence or circumstances against you.  In fact, the way I see it, if you hadn't appeared when you did, we might not have made it back to Aztrazalian at all.  There were too many to face for our group, between the fomorians and the goblin horde.  There is no need for sorrow or grief towards me or my unit, lord wizard.  We stand behind you.  And will continue to fight by your side, should you still find it fitting."  She hops on a horse tethered to the post outside the inn, offers the other four to the party and says, "Follow me, please."
She then heels her horse W towards the center of the island.
The group moves quickly through the somewhat empty streets.  Giving a wide berth to the horse riders, the elves and eladrin gawk at the procession.  Through the town, through the crystal gates, then into the courtyard proper, everyone is relieved of their mounts and walked into the palace.  Maouelue notices there are several guards escorting them now, where as before it was quite a bit lighter coverage.  Bellatrix stands besides the wizard, offering her support in proximity.  Daran and the old woman take up  the rear, Benna now quiet with no hint at mirth.
The escort brings them to the throne room where, as before, the three chairs are filled by their liege lords.  The Queen looks outwardly calm, but sits straighter in her chair as she sees the procession brought forward.  King Oberon looks concerned, while Queen Tiandra has a look of puzzlement on her face.  She says, "What are they doing back here, guards?  I thought the Court made it clear that they were no longer welcome here."

"Be at peace, sister.  The guards were instructed to bring them if there was a parlay to be had.  I assume that is why you are here again, goodsir Mage?"
“I must admit, I was surprised to be offered a second chance after my previous...outburst. I know not what overcame me, but i ask not for forgiveness, only the opportunity to repent. For this chance, I am most grateful. There is much confusion in my heart, but my mind is set firmly on aiding your cause and rescuing my friend. 

These past days I have let my ego grow wild to the detriment of others. No longer shall this be the case. I take the knee once more.”

Lumao genuflects again, this time with no sense of grandeur.
The others follow suit, mimicking their leader.  
"Please, rise, sir Mage.  What is done is done, and what was said," she gives Maouelue a knowing stare, "was said.  Take to heart what you can accept, leave the rest as you will.  It is my understanding, since you are here, that you all still wish to still take part in ridding our lands of the scourge of the Queen of Air and Darkness's forces of evil?"
“It is thus, Majesty.”
She looks at all of the group in turn.  (Insight check, with advantage, please!)


