strange-tensionFootsteps sound in the room, they're coming out of the West exit, heading right toward you.  As the men breach the hall, you see a lumbering, ugly brute with a heavily pock-marked face and baggy clothes trudge out in front of a weaselly looking guy that has missed a good number of meals.  He's gaunt and his eyes have a seriously haunted look.
Dieter attempts to sneak by the brutes and create a distracting noise back in the card room by flapping the trap door and leaving a card next to it.
The decptive, dissapearing Druid deftly dodges the daft dimwits detecting their direction. He slips out the cell gate and presses himself against the wall, having donned his Boots of Elvenkind, he is feeling particularly impish and fae. He tries to squeeze past the pursuers to make a distraction, hoping to prevent Frume's discovery.


The big man feels something slip past him.  He says, "HEY!  Something's in this hallway!  Something just touched my arm!"
(Since you made the second check...)  The other man waves his hands around, checking the area around him.   Even though Dieter is *very* close to him, he says, "I don't feel anything!  You idiot, are you still eating those mushrooms?  I told you to stop eating those mushrooms, they're going to rot your brain!"  He pushes the big man from behind.
Dieter hurries over to make his mock escape down into the catacombs, loudly banging the trapdoor open and leaving a card "accidentally" on the ground next to it as he does so. He then backs into the corner near the W wall.
The two hear the loud bang and rush to the spot.  They look at each other.
"They didn't."  They look incredulously at each other.
The big bastard doesn't see the note, but the Weasel guy does.  He picks it up and looks at it...
As the bigger man goes down the trap door, the smaller man backtracks to the western hall.

The door *thuds* close.  The small man sneaks into the hall.  He looks left.  He looks right...  into the eyes of Frume.
Dieter lunges up behind the man and puts him in a silencing chokehold.

TH1 was added to combat with initiative 1d20 (13) + 0 = `13`.




Frume runs out and tries to stab the guy in the gut.


The guy is amazed at the rush of violence and barely brings his sword up to block anything.  Eye wide, he swipes out at the both of you, trying to hit either. (1-Dieter, 2-Frume)

Dieter whispers, “Sleeeeep.”

“Sleeeeep.”

“Sleeeeep.”
Frume puts his hand over the thugs mouth and stabs.

Frume catches the man, staring into his glassy eyes, and moves him into the cell with the chests.  Then, backing out quickly, shuts the doors and locks the dead man in.
Dieter goes to quickly retrieve the playing card then searches the thief’s body for valuables.

~~The guy has a couple coppers on him and a rusty knife.~~
The duo head further west down the hall and Dieter takes the lead going invisible again.

(Not a worry, just saw it.)
The guy had one gold, five silver, and a note of writ, mentioning a ransom for the escaped druid, Dieter Deleter.  The seal of the Runemark is marked in wax at the bottom of the parchment.
Dieter’s teeth look a bit like fangs as he snarls at the ransom note. He gives the thief’s corpse a swift kick before leading Frume down the hall. He takes the lead an invisibly scouts out the upcoming turns, listening for any significant movement or sound.
The pair move W, throwing the door at the end wide.  It was their former cell, the remains of what they could only assume is Culver is strewn about the room.  There is now a hole in the wall where the two escaped from.  The room is covered in blood, but something else seems off, too.  (Investigation check, please!)

The room starts to spin as the sight of all that blood (and lack of flesh) begins to disgust Dieter.
Suppressing a retch, the disoriented Druid turns and beckons onward.
“We need to get out of this hell trap. I need air. Did they say this was a castle? perhaps we can find a parapet and repel. Anything to get out of here!”
"Les go back to the main room.  Thought I saw some doors in there.  There might be something across from that chest cell, too.  See about those areas first, I'll be on the lookout for any ladders up."
Upon further investigation, across from the chest cell, a smaller room had the look of just a standard cell.  Hidden in the shadows, a decrepit door stands.  The original room (with the tables and card game) has a door to the S, where you had heard the voices coming from.  (Investigation check for more!)

There is a tapestry on the E wall, looks strange.
There are muffled sounds coming from under the hatch, too.  They're fading, though.  Turning to mourning wails.
Dieter expresses his newfound love of tapestries by lovingly investigating this one as well.

Looks like a nice work.  Mutli-hued.  Can't really make out the design on it.  It's really bulky, too.
Dieter continues down the hall to meet Frume and look for additional ways of passage.
There is a door across from the cell with the chests in it, a door in the S wall of the trap door room.  (Retconned the direction of that one because of the new map!)
They check the door across from the cell, listening first for sounds behind it.


Frume is impressed by the door's construction, while Dieter listens intently.  No sounds are coming from the other side.
Dieter tries to open the door.
