strange-tensionAs the picture moves farther out, the darkness can be seen as the bottom of a chasm.  The chasm, or maybe a dark gorge, cuts a wide path.  As the mirror's picture continues to pan out, the gorge ends and an immense rock wall goes up, up, up, cresting at the rim of a crater, easing down into a caldera of a volcano.

Red drops hit the floor in front of the mirror.  Bellatrix sways as the grey mist comes back to the mirror.
"Bellatrix? My lady, are you unwell? What is it? What has happened?"
She swoons, slipping to the ground.  (Dex save, please!)

Maouelue puts a hand on the witch's shoulder, but she slumps away.  Vam and Daran catch her before she hits the ground.  They bring her to a ramshackle couch and lie her down.
Blood is running from each nostril in small rivulets, her eyes flutter.  Her mouth is moving, but there is no sound coming out.   (Medicine check for more info!)

The mage begins to perform a few preliminary clerical ministrations to determine Trix’s condition.
She doesn't seem to be in any pain.  She's more than likely highly exerted herself from the scry.  It doesn't typically happen, but there are occasions where this might occur.  Normal healing should help her.

There are a few more stoppered potions of healing on her herbalism table.
Maouleue moves to take a potion of healing, then unstoppers it and dabs a few drops around Bellatrix’s lips, then pours a cursory few drops down her gullet.
The blood dries and Bellatrix comes to, groggily.  "I'm...  sorry.  The larger view must have taken more out of me than I imagined.  Did any of you recognize the area?"


Daran, Vam, and Maouelue all nod their heads.  Heston and Bellatrix look at each expectantly.  Vam clears his throat and begins, "Uh...  It might be kinda tough to get to him, unless anyone else knows more about it.  I saw Mount Hotenow, and the gorge that peels off to the East is where the tower-thing is.  All I can think of - and mind you, this is just a terror-tale to scare kids - it that the place we saw was the Sunless Citadel."
Heston gives a low whistle and slumps back in a chair.
Daran nods, somberly.
Maouelue looks from one to the other. He has been underground enough to know what fel things reside in the sunless places of these parts. 
“Please Vam, go on. I think, under the circumstances, that no ‘terror-tale’ would be too unbelievable. I saw one of those madmen with mine own eyes animating an abomination. Oh there are dark magicks indeed at work here.”
"Ayuh," he starts, tilting his hat back and looking grave.  "Legend says there is a dragon that keeps the fires of Mount Hotenow going.  An ancient red dragon, who constantly bathes in the blood of the world..  One day, a conqueror built a tower along the river flowing past the volcano.  The conqueror had heard the rumors and dug straight down into the land to make a path underneath Hotenow so as to directly confront the dragon.  A massive eruption took place after this path was made, and the wonderous tower the conqueror had constructed slid into the rift, never to be seen again.  Crazy story, huh?"
“Crazy....You mean to say the Citadel fell *into* the breach?... Dieter and I found a vast crevasse underground just before...just...”, He stifles a croaky breath. “...Just before he was taken.” The memory of building the forge, the weight of his armor relieved, the shared sweat and laughs and discovery of the joys of making...it all washes over Maouelue like a beam of starlight refracting off his sword into a million colors, blinding him with chromatic grief. 

“Yes...he is there. I know it in my heart. Daran, do you remember where you found me?”
“It all makes so much sense now. The snakes tunnels in Oakhurst, the Muhlen vault, the abyssal ravine... *That’s* how they’ve remained unseen. *That’s* how they are moving in the shadows. Sunless indeed. If this is the case...pray, perhaps we should reconsider our apprehension of the matter...”
“Perhaps...we needn’t stray so far afield after all. Perhaps we have all we need right here. Stay awhile and listen...”
They lean in to Maouelue.
The Dragon Mage solemnly doffs The Frostbitten Helm and places it on the floor. Next he silently slings the Shield of Disruption off his back and places it to the right and under the Helm. The Sword of the Mists and its scabbard come next, and now the outline of a warrior is beginning to take form. The Giantess Bracers come next and the elven wizard rubs at his wrists as they do, the skin puffy and pale with long suppression. Having donned the splint previously for ease of movement and discretion of sound, he goes over to his Bag of Holding™️ and pulls out the previously animated plate mail from Mulhen’s vault and places it in the center of the form. Lastly, he pulls out a serpentine amulet and a tattered book, *The Barbarian’s Wind*. These he places directly in front of Bellatrix and his eyes, who have been pointedly focused on the assembly until this point, meet hers in a somber stare.
