strange-tension"Thank you all, from the whole of my heart. Never shall I forget this day."
"Let us all now make our final preparations ere we head out to the front!"
Everyone is slightly taken aback, but very enthusiastic as they all grasp hands, then glow with the light of Maouelue's magic.
At this Maouelue turns and walks tentatively toward the direction of Bellatrix's flight."
Several of the members of the Queen's guard and the captain continue strategizing, bent over the map as you met them.  The members of the Court gracefully make their way out, as well.  Daran stays behind to look over the battle plans.

Just outside the throne room, on the steps leading to upper chambers of the castle, Benna and Bellatrix sit, Bella's head in her sister's lap.
He stops on the spot, unsure whether he should continue; whether he should be so forward as to interrupt this private moment.

Bellatrix is weeping softly, but she's not hysterical anymore.  Benna is just lightly combing her hands through her sister's hair.  Her eyes are closed.   Mao is not quite sure this is a private moment, but it is a quiet one.
The mage stands there a moment longer before saying, "Forgive my intrusion, but I wanted to check on you Bella. I apologize if my actions were improper in any way. I did not intend to offend."
Her eyes stay closed, but she speaks in a soft, quivering voice.  "No, you did nothing wrong.  But, I couldn't...  I can't tell everyone in there..."  Her hand shoots out to hold Maouelue's.
Maouelue is surprised at this, but stands firm and grips her hand in return.
"It is such a long story, how I came to be...  like I am.  But after feeling the surge of evil before, at the battle with the giants...  I... I..."  She chokes up, and sputters, trying to get words out.
"I will be as death to you if I go on this mission."  She looks Mao straight in the eyes.
He looks back deeply, searching the pupils of her eyes, perhaps for the darkness deep within that she mentions.

Maouelue can't quite see into the depths, but there is darkness there.  And a faint light.
“I see. Then it shall be so. Please, take rest here in the care of the eladrin. Perhaps you will find more out more than we, if you find yourself up to the task. Keep your eyes and ears open and read deeply. Your knowledge and Benna’s wisdom may be more important than all the braun that has been put forward here. *I believe in you.*”

The witch looks into the wizards eyes as well, both coming to some decision of their own.  Finally, she smiles and squeezes Mao's hand again, then lets go.  "We will learn as much as we can while we are here, right Benna?"  She turns to her sister, then back to Maouelue.  "Please be safe.  And come back to us.  To me."  She looks down for a moment, then shyly back up.  Her smile wavers.  Then, with arms linked, the sisters retreat up the stairs.
Maouelue watches their retreat back up the stairs until they are out of sight. He lingers a moment on the spot, Bella’s final words ringing in his head...

*To me.*
He swells a bit at this, then heads back to the war table to rejoin the discussion.
[500 xp]

Maouelue makes his way, heart oddly heavy and light at the same time, he meets Daran and the rest of the military group leaving the ready room.  "Hoy there, Maouelue.  We're headed off to the armory, see what we can check out there and what the deployments will need.  I could use a better bow, although this has been with me for many a year."  He smiles wistfully at the old wooden bow in his hands.
He nods stoically and joins the ranks, curious after all to see the royal armory.
Several turns and twists later, the group comes within sight of a large golden door decorated with flourishes of weaponry.  Daran gets a goofy smile on his face as the doors glide open without a sound.  Inside, all manner of cabinetry and shelving holds golden weapons of war.  Brightly polished swords stand at attention, metal and wood bows cover a section of the wall.   All types of ammunition are in racks in the center of the room.  On a far was, more eccentric items are available.  Some eladrin are already here, outfitting themselves.  As the new group enters, an air of frivolity, and almost fraternity nature, comes out in the warrior.  All gear up for the coming battle.  (If you want, I can set up a list of what's available.  There are all basic weapons and ammunition as listed in the Player's Handbook.  For Fey-specific weaponry, we'll have to roll on a table.)
On a small table, there are a few items of interest Maouelue hasn't seen before.  A small wooden box labeled “Ekkio’s Bestiary”, a set of bracers with an etching depicting a centaur, a quartz crystal wound around with a single thread of starlight, and lastly, a gray velvet purse.  And up on the wall, in a place of honor, are two swords, crossed on an ornamental background.  One sword burns a red-orange-yellow shimmer, the other a blue-purple-white one.




